A sense of wrongdoing is an enhancement of pleasure.
From desire I plunge to its fulfilment  where I long once more for desire.
Unsatisfied desire is in itself more desirable than any other satisfaction.
Luxury is more deadly than any foe.
With renunciation life begins.
As I grow older  part of my emotional survival plan must be to actively seek inspiration instead of passively waiting for it to find me.
Enthusiasm signifies  in us.
Enthusiasm is life.
To sing is to love and affirm  to fly and soar  to coast into the hearts of the people who listen  to tell them that life is to live  that love is there  that nothing is a promise  but that beauty exists  and must be hunted for and found.
O lovely Sisters! is it true That they are all inspired by you  And write by inward magic charm'd  And high enthusiasm warm'd?
Enthusiasm is the most important thing in life.
Enthusiasm signifies  in us.
Life is enthusiasm  zest.
There is only one big thing-desire. And before it  when it is big  all is little.
There is nothing greater than enthusiasm.
Enthusiasm is the most beautiful word on earth.
Boredom is the fear of self.
It is not opposition but indifference which separates men.
Exuberance is beauty.
Enthusiasm moves the world.
A man can be short and dumpy and getting bald but if he has fire  women will like him.
What a man knows only through feeling can be explained only through enthusiasm.
My enthusiasms ... constitute my reserves  my unexploited resources  perhaps my future.
I have always had a dread of becoming a passenger in life.
A continued atmosphere of hectic passion is very trying if you haven't got any of your own.
Nothing is so contagious as enthusiasm  it moves stones  it charms brutes. Enthusiasm is the genius of sincerity  and truth accomplishes no victories without it.
The clue is not to ask in a miserly way-the key is to ask in a grand manner.
Energy is equal to desire and purpose.
What counts is not necessarily the size of the dog in the fight  but the size of the fight in the dog.
All we need to make us really happy is something to be enthusiastic about.
Most great men and women are not perfectly rounded in their personalties  but are instead people whose one driving enthusiasm is so great it makes their faults seem insignificant.
Winning isn't everything. Wanting to win is.
What is man but his passion?
We always attract into our lives whatever we think about most  believe in most strongly  expect on the deepest level  and imagine most vividly.
You can have anything you want if you want it desperately enough. You must want it with an inner exuberance that erupts through the skin and joins the energy that created the world.
Only passions  great passions  can elevate the soul to great things.
No one has it who isn't capable of genuinely liking others  at least at the actual moment of meeting and speaking. Charm is always genuine  it may be superficial but it isn't fake.
A willing heart adds feather to the heel.
I really do believe I can accomplish a great deal with a big grin. I know some people find that disconcerting  but that doesn't matter.
Charm is a cunning self-forgetfulness.
Charm is the measure of attraction's power To chain the fleeting fancy of the hour.
Pm convinced that it's energy and humor. The two of them combined equal charm.
Nothing great in the world has been accomplished without passion.
If you're a champion  you have to have it in your heart.
Human nature  if it healthy  demands excitement  and if it does not obtain its thrilling excitement in the right way  it will seek it in the wrong.  never makes bloodless stoics  He makes no passionless saints.
All passions exaggerate  it is because they do that they are passions.
If we resist our passions  it is more from their weakness than from our strength.
Be still when you have nothing to say  when genuine passion moves you  say what you've got to say  and say it hot.
The passions are the only orators which always persuade.
Passion  though a bad regulator  is a powerful spring.
Our passions are ourselves.
People who never get carried away should be.
This  indeed  is one of the eternal paradoxes of both life and literature-that without passion little gets done  yet  without control of that passion  its effects are largely ill or null.
When the habitually even-tempered suddenly fly into a passion  that explosion is apt to be more impressive than the outburst of the most violent amongst us.
Optimism  unaccompanied by personal effort  is merely a state of mind and not fruitful.
When enthusiasm is inspired by reason  controlled by caution  sound in theory  practical in application  reflects confidence  spreads good cheer  raises morale  inspires associates  arouses loyalty  and laughs at adversity  it is beyond price.
The world belongs to the enthusiast who keeps cool.
Without passion man is a mere latent force and possibility  like the flint which awaits the shock of the iron before it can give forth its spark.
If you aren't fired with enthusiasm  you will be fired with enthusiasm.
You've got to sing like you don't need the money. You've got to love like you'll never get hurt. You've got to dance like there's nobody watching. You've got to come from the heart  if you want it to work.
When his enthusiasm goes  he's through as a player.
Every production of genius must be the production of enthusiasm.
Give me a man who sings at his work.
A man can succeed at almost anything for which he has unlimited enthusiasm.
Drama is very important in life: You have to come on with a bang. You never want to go out with a whimper.
The world belongs to the energetic.
The real difference between men is energy.
A faint endeavor ends in a sure defeat.
Flaming enthusiasm  backed up by horse sense and persistence  is the quality that most frequently makes for success.
Success is going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm.
There is a passion for perfection which you rarely see fully developed  but... in successful lives it is never wholly lacking.
Many of the most successful men I have known have never grown up. They have retained bubbling-over boyishness. They have relished wit  they have indulged in humor. They have not allowed "dignity" to depress them into moroseness. Youthfulness of spirit is the twin brother of optimism  and optimism is the stuff of which American business success is fashioned. Resist growing up!
If you have the will to win  you have achieved half your success  if you don't  you have achieved half your failure.
Someone's always saying  "It's not whether you win or lose " but if you feel that way  you're as good as dead.
To bring one's self to a frame of mind and to the proper energy to accomplish things that require plain hard work continuously is the one big battle that everyone has. When this battle is won for all time  then everything is easy.
We would accomplish many more things if we did not think of them as impossible.
Faith that the thing can be done is essential to any great achievement.
We can accomplish almost anything within our ability if we but think that we can!
Optimism is essential to achievement and it is also the foundation of courage and of true progress.
Morale is the greatest single factor in successful wars.
The will to conquer is the first condition of victory.
The real secret of success is enthusiasm. Yes  more than enthusiasm  I would say excitement. I like to see men get excited. When they get excited they make a success of their lives.
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to success is more important than any other one thing.
It is fatal to enter any war without the will to win it.
The measure of an enthusiasm must be taken between interesting events. It is between bites that the lukewarm angler loses heart.
Enthusiasm for one's goal to lessens the disagreeableness of working toward it.
To burn always with this hard gemlike flame. To maintain this ecstasy  is success in life.
Every man is enthusiastic at times. One man has enthusiasm for thirty minutes  another man has it for thirty days. But it is the man who has it for thirty years who makes a success in life.
Man never rises to great truths without enthusiasm.
Success is due less to ability than to zeal.
I rate enthusiasm even above professional skill.
He did it with all his heart  and prospered.
A strong passion for any object will ensure success  for the desire of the end will point out the means.
Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm.
What a man accomplishes in a day depends upon the way in which he approaches his tasks. When we accept tough jobs as a challenge to our ability and wade into them with joy and enthusiasm  miracles can happen. When we do our work with a dynamic  conquering spirit  we get things done.
If you're not happy every morning when you get up  leave for work  or start to work at home-if you're not enthusiastic about doing that  you're not going to be successful.
The method of the enterprising is to plan with audacity and execute with vigor.
Do it big or stay in bed.
Sometimes success is due less to ability than to zeal.
Zeal will do more than knowledge.
Let a man in a garret burn with enough intensity  and he will set fire to the world.
Knowledge is power  but enthusiasm pulls the switch.
Through zeal  knowledge is gotten  through lack of zeal  knowledge is lost.
I prefer the errors of enthusiasm to the indifference of wisdom.
It is energy  the central element of which is will  that produces the miracles of enthusiasm in all ages. It is the mainspring of what is called force of character and the sustaining power of all great action.
The difference between one man and another is not mere ability ... it is energy.
You see me in my most virile moment when you see me doing what I do. When I am directing  a special energy comes upon me. ... It is only when I am doing my work that I feel truly alive. It is like having sex.
Energy  even like the Biblical grain of mustard-seed  will move mountains.
Energy and persistence conquer all things.
Energy will do anything that can be done in this world.
The only thing that keeps a man going is energy. And what is energy but liking life?
No one grows old by living  only by losing interest in living.
None are so old as those who have outlived enthusiasm.
Years wrinkle the face  but to give up enthusiasm wrinkles the soul.
He fights with spirit as well as with the sword.
It is fatal to enter any war without the will to win it.
Morale is the greatest single factor in successful wars.
The will to conquer is the first condition of victory.
The aim of military training is not just to prepare men for battle  but to make them long for it.
Wars may be fought with weapons  but they are won by men. It is the spirit of men who follow and of the man who leads that gains the victory.
Enthusiasm can only be aroused by two things: first  an ideal which takes the imagination by storm  and sec ond  a definite  intelligible plan for carrying that ideal into practice.
Earnestness and sincereness are synonymous.
Opposition inflames the enthusiast  never converts him.
No one keeps up his enthusiasm automatically. Enthusiasm must be nourished with new actions  new aspirations  new efforts  new vision. Compete with yourself  set your teeth and dive into the job of breaking your own record. It is one's own fault if his enthusiasm is gone  he has failed to feed it.
The same reason makes a man a religious enthusiast that makes a man an enthusiast in any other way ... an uncomfortable mind in an uncomfortable body.
The great composer does not set to work because he is inspired  but becomes inspired because he is working. Beethoven  Wagner  Bach and Mozart settled down day after day to the job in hand with as much regularity as an accountant settles down each day to his figures. They didn't waste time waiting for inspiration.
Enthusiasm is nothing more or less than faith in action.
Whatever course you have chosen for yourself  it will not be a chore but an adventure if you bring to it a sense of the glory of striving  if your sights are set far above the merely secure and mediocre.
Vigor is contagious  and whatever makes us either think or feel strongly adds to our power and enlarges our field of action.
Practice being excited.
It is the greatest shot of adrenaline to be doing what you've wanted to do so badly. You almost feel like you could fly without the plane.
Reason alone is insufficient to make us enthusiastic in any matter.
Nothing is so contagious as enthusiasm  it moves stones  it charms brutes. Enthusiasm is the genius of sincerity and truth accomplishes no victories without it.
Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm.
The world belongs to the Enthusiast who keeps cool.
California is a fine place to live - if you happen to be an orange.
I asked a coughing friend of mine why he doesn't stop smoking. "In this town it wouldn't do any good " he explained. "I happen to be a chain breather."
I have every sympathy with the American who was so horrified by what he had read of the effects of smoking that he gave up reading.
Population growth is the primary source of environmental damage.
A moment's insight is sometimes worth a life's experience.
All the world's a stage  And all the men and women merely players. They have their exits and their entrances  And one man in his time plays many parts.
The environment is everything that isn't me.
The most important thing about Spaceship Earth - an instruction book didn't come with it.
For the first time in the history of the world  every human being is now subjected to contact with dangerous chemicals  from the moment of conception until death.
Air pollution is turning Mother Nature prematurely gray.
The first law of ecology is that everything is related to everything else.
The sun  moon and stars would have disappeared long ago had they been within the reach of predatory human hands.
Hurt not the earth  neither the sea  nor the trees.
Pity the meek for they shall inherit the earth.
As a moth gnaws a garment  so doth envy consume a man.
It is better to be envied than pitied.
For the colonel's lady an' Judy O'Grady Are sisters under their skins.
Fourscore and seven years ago  our fathers brought forth on this continent a new nation  conceived in liberty  and dedicated to the proposition that all men are created equal.
Your levellers wish to level down as far as themselves  but they cannot bear levelling up to themselves.
Men are made by nature unequal. It is vain  therefore  to treat them as if they were equal.
We hold these truths to be self-evident: that all men are created equal  that they are endowed by their Creator with inalienable rights  that among these are life  liberty and the pursuit of happiness.
To stumble twice against the same stone is a proverbial disgrace.
To err is human  to forgive divine.
The cautious seldom err.
An error gracefully acknowledged is a victory won.
When every one is in the wrong  every one is in the right.
The man who makes no mistakes does not usually make anything.
Error will slip through a crack  while truth will stick in a doorway.
The curfew tolls the knell of parting day  The lowing herd winds slowly o'er the lea  The ploughman homeward plods his weary way  And leaves the world to darkness and to me.
One by one the flowers close  Lily and dewy rose Shutting their tender petals from the moon.
We should every night call ourselves to an account: What infirmity have I mastered today? What passions opposed! What temptation resisted? What virtue acquired?
Each morning puts man on trial and each evening passes judgement.
I think  what has this day brought me  and what have I given it?
Every night before I turn out the lights to sleep  I ask myself this question: Have I done everything that I can.... Have I done enough?
Each morning sees some task begin  each evening sees it close  Something attempted  something done  has earned a night's repose.
Judge each day not by it's harvest  but by the seeds you plant.
Sum up at night what thou has done by day.
Put off thy cares with thy clothes  so shall thy rest strengthen thy labor  and so thy labor sweeten thy rest.
One of the secrets of a long and fruitful life is to forgive everybody everything every night before you go to bed.
The camel  at the close of day  Kneels down upon the sandy plain To have his burden lifted off And rest again. My soul  thou too should to thy knees When daylight draweth to a close  And let thy Master lift the load And grant repose.
To carry care to bed is to sleep with a pack on your back.
Let not the sun go down upon your wrath.
Don't fight with the pillow  but lay down your head And kick every worriment out of the bed.
Shed  as you do your garments  your daily sins  whether of omission or commission  and you will wake a free man  with a new life.
Thou driftest gently down the tides of sleep.
Go to bed early  get up early-this is wise.
Come Sleep! Oh Sleep  the certain knot of peace  The baiting-place of wit  the balm of woe  The poor man's wealth  the prisoner's release  The indifferent judge between the high and low.
O bed! O bed! Delicious bed! That heaven on earth to the weary head!
Fatigue is the best pillow.
A well-spent day brings happy sleep.
It is a delicious moment  certainly  that of being well-nestled in bed and feeling that you shall drop gently to sleep. The good is to come  not past  the limbs are tired enough to render the remaining in one posture delightful  the labor of the day is gone.
Sleep  Silence's child  sweet father of soft rest  Prince whose approach peace to all mortals brings  Indifferent host to shepherds and kings  Sole comforter to minds with grief oppressed.
Sleep  that knits up the ravell'd slave of care  The death of each day's life  sore labour's bath  Balm of hurt minds  great nature's second course  Chief nourisher in life's feast.
There is only one thing people like that is good for them  a good night's sleep.
Sleep is the most blessed and blessing of all natural graces.
It is a common experience that a problem difficult at night is resolved in the morning after the committee of sleep has worked on it.
Sleep: The golden chain that ties health and our bodies together.
Thank  for sleep! And when you cannot sleep  still thank Him that you live to lie awake.
Sleep ... peace of the soul  who put-test care to flight.
Now I lay me down to sleep  I pray the Lord my soul to keep.
There may be those on earth who dress better or eat better  but those who enjoy the peace of  sleep better.
General Quotations about Evenings Let us add this one more night to our lives.
Fools look to tomorrow  wise men use tonight.
When we accept tough jobs as a challenge and wade into them with joy and enthusiasm  miracles can happen.
He who  having lost one ideal  refuses to give his heart and soul to another and nobler  is like a man who declines to build a house on rock because the wind and rain ruined his house on the sand.
Whenever you fall  pick something up.
I have seen boys on my baseball team go into slumps and never come out of them  and I have seen others snap right out and come back better than ever. I guess more players lick themselves than are ever licked by an opposing team. The first thing any man has to know is how to handle himself.
Consider how much more you often suffer from your anger and grief than from those very things for which you are angry and grieved.
We must never despair  our situation has been compromising before  and it has changed for the better  so I trust it will again. If difficulties arise  we must put forth new exertion and proportion our efforts to the exigencies of the times.
What counts in making a happy marriage is not so much how compatible you are  but how you deal with incompatibility.
Noble souls  through dust and heat  rise from disaster and defeat the stronger.
Let no feeling of discouragement prey upon you  and in the end you are sure to succeed.
I'm not happy  I'm cheerful. There's a difference. A happy woman has no cares at all. A cheerful woman has cares but has learned how to deal with them.
Our mistakes won't irreparably damage our lives unless we let them.
When the rock is hard  we get harder than the rock. When the job is tough  we get tougher than the job.
To be happy  drop the words "if only" and substitute instead the words "next time."
Always take an emergency leisurely.
Keep strong if possible  in any case  keep cool.
Happiness is not the absence of conflict  but the ability to cope with it.
When something bad happens to me  I think I'm able to deal with it in a pretty good way. That makes me lucky. Some people fall apart at the first little thing that happens.
Concern should drive us into action  not into a depression.
A man has no more character than he can command in a time of crisis.
Results? Why  man  I have gotten a lot of results. I know several thousand things that won't work.
The tragedy is not that things are broken. The tragedy is that they are not mended again.
Don't curse the darkness - light a candle.
Any man can shoot a gun  and with practice he can draw fast and shoot accurately  but that makes no difference. What counts is how you stand up when somebody is shooting back at you.
Anyone can hold the helm when the sea is calm.
An error is simply a failure to adjust immediately from a preconception to an actuality.
What the caterpillar calls a tragedy  the Master calls a butterfly.
The longer we dwell on our misfortunes  the greater is their power to harm us.
When the going gets tough  the tough get going.
The difficulties of life are intended to make us better  not bitter.
Acceptance of what has happened is the first step to overcoming the consequences of any misfortune.
We can either change the complexities of life ... or develop ways that enable us to cope more effectively.
It is arrogance to expect that life will always be music.... Harmony  like a following breeze at sea  is the exception. In a world where most things wind up broken or lost  our lot is to tack and tune.
The winds and waves are always on the side of the ablest navigators.
No matter what has happened  always behave as if nothing had happened.
Tears mess up your makeup.
When things go wrong  don't go with them.
Nothing is so bad that you have to sit down and go crazy.
When you make a world tolerable for yourself  you make a world tolerable for others.
In adversity  remember to keep an even mind.
Do not lose your inward peace for anything whatsoever  even if your whole world seems upset.
All that is really necessary for survival of the fittest  it seems  is an interest in life  good  bad  or peculiar.
We are not troubled by things  but by the opinion which we have of things.
Things are in their essence what we choose to make them. A thing is  according to the mode in which one looks at it.
We are never so happy or so unhappy as we think.
We exaggerate misfortune and happiness alike. We are never either so wretched or so happy as we say we are.
The most unhappy of all men is he who believes himself to be so.
Happiness does not depend on outward things  but on the way we see them.
The mind is its own place  and in itself can make a heaven of hell  a hell of heaven.
Almost all our misfortunes in life come from the wrong notions we have about the things that happen to us.
Riches  like glory or health  have no more beauty or pleasure than their possessor is pleased to lend them.
Losses are comparative  imagination only makes them of any moment.
Man is only miserable so far as he thinks himself so.
The art of life consists in taking each event which befalls us with a contented mind  confident of good. ... With this method ... rejoice always  though in the midst of sorrows  and possess all things  though destitute of everything.
So long as one does not despair  so long as one doesn't look upon life bitterly  things work out fairly well in the end.
The meaning of things lies not in the things themselves  but in our attitude towards them.
Pain is inevitable. Suffering is optional.
If you are distressed by anything external  the pain is not due to the thing itself but to your own estimate of it  and this you have the power to revoke at any moment.
Little things affect little minds.
Do not weep  do not wax indignant. Understand.
No emotional crisis is wholly the product of outward circumstances. These may precipitate it. But what turns an objective situation into a subjectively critical one is the interpretation the individual puts upon it - the meaning it has in his emotional economy  the way it affects his self-image.
There is nothing either good or bad  but thinking makes it so.
Men are not influenced by things  but by their thoughts about things.
Nothing is miserable unless you think it so.
I can complain because rose bushes have thorns  or rejoice because thorn bushes have roses. It's all how you look at it.
I make the most of all that comes and the least of all that goes.
A great wind is blowing  and that gives you either imagination or a headache.
It seems that we learn lessons when we least expect them but always when we need them the most  and  the true "gift" in these lessons always lies in the learning process itself.
Boys  this is only a game. But it's like life in that you will be dealt some bad hands. Take each hand  good or bad  and don't whine and complain  but play it out. If you're men enough to do that   will help you and you will come out well.
Sometimes only a change of viewpoint is needed to convert a tiresome duty into an interesting opportunity.
Nothing in life is so hard that you can't make it easier by the way you take it.
We must make the best of those ills which cannot be avoided.
If you have to be in a soap opera  try not to get the worst role.
Never regret. If it's good  it's wonderful. If it's bad  it's experience.
I think we should look forward to death more than we do. Of course everybody hates to go to bed or miss anything but dying is really the only chance we'll get to rest.
What you can't get out of  get into wholeheartedly.
True contentment is the power of getting of any situation all that there is in it.
On the occasion of every accident that befalls you ... inquire what power you have for turning it to use.
All that is necessary is to accept the impossible  do without the indispensable  and bear the intolerable.
When all that hate energy was focused on me  it was transformed into a fantastic energy. It was supporting me. If you are centered and you can transform all this energy that comes in  it will help you. If you believe it is going to kill you  it will kill you.
If you are being run out of town  get in front of the crowd and make it look like a parade.
Things turn out best for people who make the best of the way things turn out.
Experience is not what happens to you  it is what you do with what happens to you.
Whatever evil befalls us  we ought to ask ourselves ... how we can turn it into good. So shall we take occasion  from one bitter root  to raise perhaps many flowers.
There are no accidents so unlucky from which clever people are not able to reap some advantage  and none so lucky that the foolish are not able to turn them to their own disadvantage.
A wise man turns chance into good fortune.
Losses are comparative  only imagination makes them of any moment.
Your living is determined not so much by what life brings to you as by the attitude you bring to life  not so much by what happens to you as by the way your mind looks at what happens.
Riches  like glory or health  have no more beauty or pleasure than their possessor is pleased to lend them.
When fate hands you a lemon  make lemonade.
Trouble is the thing that strong men grow by. Met in the right way  it is a sure-fire means of putting iron into the victim's will and making him a tougher man to down forever after.
To a brave man  good and bad luck are like his right and left hand. He uses both.
There are two ways of meeting difficulties. You alter the difficulties or you alter yourself to meet them.
Turn your stumbling blocks into stepping stones.
One cannot get through life without pain.... What we can do is choose how to use the pain life presents to us.
Never despair  but if you do  work on in despair.
Groan and forget it.
Let us not be needlessly bitter: certain failures are sometimes fruitful.
The most important thing in life is not to capitalize on your gains. Any fool can do that. The really important thing is to profit from your losses.
Disease can be seen as a call for personal transformation through metamorphosis. It is a transition from the death of your old self into the birth of your new.
Find the grain of truth in criticism -  chew it and swallow it.
You gotta play the hand that's dealt you. There may be pain in that hand  but you play it.
Boys  this is only game. But it's like life in that you will be dealt some bad hands. Take each hand  good or bad  and don't whine and complain  but play it out. If you're men enough to do that   will help and you will come out well.
Life is like a game of cards. The hand that is dealt you represents determination  the way you play it is free will.
Life consists not in holding good cards  but in playing those you do hold well.
The game of life is not so much in holding a good hand as playing a poor hand well.
All I can do is play the game the way the cards fall.
True luck consists not in holding the best cards at the table  luckiest he who knows just when to rise and go home.
The greatest test of courage on earth is to bear defeat without losing heart.
Courage is to take hard knocks like a man when occasion calls.
This is courage ... to bear unflinchingly what heaven sends.
To accept whatever comes  regardless of the consequences  is to be unafraid.
Let us be brave in the face of adversity.
Courage  in the final analysis  is nothing but an affirmative answer to the shocks of existence.
Courage is a perfect sensibility of the measure of danger  and a mental willingness to endure it.
To have courage for whatever comes in life - everything lies in that.
Humor is an antidote to isolation.
Learn to laugh at your troubles and you'll never run out of things to laugh at.
Warning: Humor may be hazardous to your illness.
There is no defense against adverse fortune which is so effectual as an habitual sense of humor.
When we begin to take our failures non-seriously  it means we are ceasing to be afraid of them. It is of immense importance to learn to laugh at ourselves.
I think laughter may be a form of courage.... As humans we sometimes stand tall and look into the sun and laugh  and I think we are never more brave than when we do that.
Keep your sense of humor. There's enough stress in the rest of your life to let bad shots ruin a game you're supposed to enjoy.
Delicate humor is the crowning virtue of the saints.
Humor is my sword and my shield. It protects me. You can open a door with humor and drive a truck right through.
Laughter can be more satisfying than honor  more precious than money  more heart-cleansing than prayer.
Laughter is ever young  whereas tragedy  except the very highest of all  quickly becomes haggard.
A chuckle a day may not keep the doctor away  but it sure does make those times in life's waiting room a little more bearable.
Humor brings insight and tolerance.
A sense of humor can help you overlook the unattractive  tolerate the unpleasant  cope with the unexpected  and smile through the unbearable.
One loses many laughs by not laughing at oneself.
To jealousy  nothing is more frightful than laughter.
Humor is an affirmation of dignity  a declaration of man's superiority to all that befalls him.
Humor is the instinct for taking pain playfully.
Wrinkles should only indicate where smiles have been.
Humor is a means of obtaining pleasure in spite of the distressing effects that interface with it.
If you're going to be able to look back on something and laugh about it  you might as well laugh about it now.
Humor is just another defense against the universe.
Humor is the healthy way of feeling "distance" between one's self and the problem  a way of standing off and looking at one's problems with perspective.
A person without a sense of humor is like a wagon without springs  jolted by every pebble in the road.
Total absence of humor renders life impossible.
If I had no sense of humor  I should long ago have committed suicide.
A sense of humor judges one's actions and the actions of others from a wider reference ... it pardons shortcomings  it consoles failure. It recommends moderation.
Were it not for my little jokes  I could not bear the burdens of this office.
Any man who has had the job I've had and didn't have a sense of humor wouldn't still be here.
Humor is an attitude. It's a way of looking at life and of telling others how you feel about what's happening around you.
Optimism and humor are the grease and glue of life. Without both of them we would never have survived our captivity.
Comedy is tragedy plus time.
Good people are good because they've come to wisdom through failure.
Everyday ... life confronts us with new problems to be solved which force us to adjust our old programs accordingly.
What can any of us do with his talent but try to develop his vision  so that through frequent failures we may learn better what we have missed in the past.
There are more serious problems in life than financial ones  and I've had a lot of those. I've been broke before  and will be again. Heartbroke? That's serious. Lose a few bucks? That's not.
A life of reaction is a life of slavery  intellectually and spiritually. One must fight for a life of action  not reaction.
Coming events cast their shadows before.
One eye-witness is of more weight than ten hearsays.
Facts are stubborn things.
Some circumstantial evidence is very strong  as when you find a trout in the milk.
Evil events from evil causes spring.
Evil and good are 's right hand and left.
Woe unto them that call evil good  and good evil.
Of two evils choose the least.
What is evil?  -  Whatever springs from weakness.
Never throw mud. You may miss your mark  but you must have dirty hands.
Be not overcome of evil  but overcome evil with good.
Evil often triumphs  but never conquers.
The evil that men do lives after them  The good is oft interred with their bones.
As sure as  is good  so surely there is no such thing as necessary evil.
There is no more reason to believe that man descended from some inferior animal than there is to believe that a stately mansion has descended from a small cottage.
Some call it Evolution  And others call it .
When you were a tadpole and I was a fish in the Palaozoic time And side by side in the sluggish tide  we sprawled in the ooze and slime.
Lives of great men all remind us We can make our lives sublime  And  departing  leave behind us Footprints on the sands of time.
None preaches better than the ant  and she says nothing.
Example is more efficacious than precept.
Any man worth his salt has by the time he is forty-five accumulated a crown of thorns  and the problem is to learn to wear it over one ear.
Experience teaches only the teachable.
Not to transmit an experience is to betray it.
Motives and purposes are in the brain and heart of man. Consequences are in the world of fact.
Experience is a good teacher  but she sends in terrific bills.
Experience is the best of schoolmasters  only the school-fees are heavy.
A burnt child dreads the fire.
Experience is the extract of suffering.
I have but one lamp by which my feet are guided  and that is the lamp of experience.
One thorn of experience is worth a whole wilderness of warning.
Experience is the name men give to their follies or their sorrows.
Men are wise in proportion  not to their experience  but to their capacity for experience.
Is there anyone so wise as to learn by the experience of others?
An expert is one who knows more and more about less and less.
The shoemaker makes a good shoe because he makes nothing else.
The eyes believe themselves  the ears believe other people.
Drink to me only with thine eyes  And I will pledge with mine.
He had a face like a benediction.
Was this the face that launch'd a thousand ships  And burnt the topless towers of Ilium? Sweet Helen  make me immortal with a kiss. -  Her lips suck forth my soul  see  where it flies! - 
A cheerful face is nearly as good for an invalid as healthy weather.
The worst of faces still is human.
"What is your fortune  my pretty maid?" "My face is my fortune  sir " she said.
Lift thou up the light of thy countenance upon us.
A countenance more in sorrow than in anger.
 has given you one face  and you make yourselves another.
I grow daily to honor facts more and more  and theory less and less.
There are no eternal facts  as there are no absolute truths.
Every fact that is learned becomes a key to other facts.
Facts are stubborn things.
But to him who tries and fails and dies  I give great honor and glory and tears.
How are the mighty fallen!
Here's to the men who lose! What though their work be e'er so nobly plann'd And watched with zealous care  No glorious halo crowns their efforts grand -  Contempt is Failure's share!
Failure is more frequently from want of energy than want of capital.
Imagine a congress of eminent celebrities such as More  Bacon  Grotius  Pascal  Cromwell  Bossuet  Montesquieu  Jefferson  Napoleon  Pitt  etc. They would be an Encyclopedia of Errors.
Flops are a part of life's menu  and Eve never been a girl to miss out on any of the courses.
Every man's got to figure to get beat sometime.
Who thinks it just to be judged by a single error?
Man errs as long as he struggles.
Mistakes are part of the dues one pays for a full life.
Mistakes are the usual bridge between inexperience and wisdom.
Be aware that young people have to be able to make their own mistakes and that times change.
The best brewer sometimes makes bad beer.
We must somehow get comfortable with the reality of periodic failure. ... Like a trip to the dentist  the thought of occasional reverses may not make us tingle with joyful anticipation  but then again  it's not the end of the world.
The progress of rivers to the ocean is not so rapid as that of man to error.
All men are liable to error  and most men are ... by passion or interest  under temptation to it.
To err is human  to forgive divine.
Show me a person who has never made a mistake and Ell show you somebody who has never achieved much.
He only is exempt from failures who makes no effort.
Only he who does nothing makes no mistakes.
The only man who makes no mistakes is the man who never does anything.
Life is not life unless you make mistakes.
We all choke  and the man who says he doesn't choke is lying like hell. We all leak oil.
He who has never failed somewhere  that man cannot be great.
He is always right who suspects that he makes mistakes.
The man who makes no mistakes does not usually make anything.
A good marksman may miss.
He that has much to do will do something wrong.
For a just man falleth seven times  and riseth up again.
To make no mistake is not in the power of man  but from their errors and mistakes the wise and good learn wisdom for the future.
All of us failed to match our dreams of perfection.
The greatest mistake you can make in life is to be continually fearing you will make one.
The fellow who never makes a mistake takes his orders from one who does.
Accept that all of us can be hurt  that all of us can - and surely will at times - fail. Other vulnerabilities  like being embarrassed or risking love  can be terrifying  too. I think we should follow a simple rule: if we can take the worst  take the risk.
The greatest general is he who makes the fewest mistakes.
War is a series of catastrophes that results in victory.
Victory goes to the player who makes the next-to-last mistake.
A man finds he has been wrong at every stage of his career  only to deduce the astonishing conclusion that he is at last entirely right.
One loss is good for the soul. Too many losses are not good for the coach.
In all science  error precedes the truth  and it is better it should go first than last.
In the game of life it's a good idea to have a few early losses  which relieves you of the pressure of trying to maintain an undefeated season.
Virtually nothing comes out right the first time. Failures  repeated failures  are finger posts on the road to achievement. The only time you don't want to fail is the last time you try something.... One fails forward toward success.
A clever man commits no minor blunders.
Sometimes a noble failure serves the world as faithfully as a distinguished success.
No man ever progressed to greatness and goodness but through great mistakes.
The credit belongs to the man who is actually in the arena  whose face is marred by dust and sweat and blood  who strives valiantly  who errs and comes short again and again  who knows the great enthusiasms  the great devotions  and spends himself in a worthy cause  who  at the best  knows in the end the triumph of high achievement  and who  at the worst  if he fails  at least fails while daring greatly  so that his place shall never be with those cold and timid souls who know neither victory nor defeat.
The errors of great men are venerable because they are more fruitful than the truths of little men.
There is something distinguished about even his failures  they sink not trivially  but with a certain air of majesty  like a great ship  its flags flying  full of holes.
If all else fails  immortality can always be assured by spectacular error.
In a great mistake.
Any man whose errors take ten years to correct is quite a man.
If you have made mistakes  even serious mistakes  there is always another chance for you.
Life  like war  is a series of mistakes  and he is best who wins the most splendid victories by the retrieval of mistakes.
A man who has committed a mistake and doesn't correct it is committing another mistake.
The great virtue of man lies in his ability to correct his mistakes and to continually make a new man of himself.
It is only error in judgement to make a mistake  but it shows infirmity of character to adhere to it when discovered.
It is human to err  but it is devilish to remain willfully in error.
Intelligence is not to make no mistakes  but quickly to see how to make them good.
Our mistakes won't irreparably damage our lives unless we let them.
Peole do think that if they avoid the truth  it might change to something better before they have to hear it.
We have not passed that subtle line between childhood and adulthood until... we have stopped saying "It got lost " and say  "I lost it."
Ah  how steadily do they who are guilty shrink from reproof!
Mistakes fail in their mission of helping the person who blames them on the other fellow.
I have known men who could see through the motivations of others with the skill of a clairvoyant  only to prove blind to their own mistakes. I have been one of those men.
I have made mistakes  but I have never made the mistake of claiming that I never made one.
The man who can own up to his error is greater than he who merely knows how to avoid making it.
A man may fall many times  but he won't be a failure until he says that someone pushed him.
Do not be afraid of mistakes  providing you do not make the same one twice.
To stumble twice against the same stone is a proverbial disgrace.
Fool me once  shame on you  fool me twice  shame on me.
There is no reason to repeat bad history.
I try to extract something positive from [every] situation  even if it's just learning not to make the same mistake twice.
He who is shipwrecked twice is foolish to blame the sea.
He who is shipwrecked the second time cannot lay the blame on Neptune.
He that's cheated twice by the same man is an accomplice with the cheater.
If you would not have affliction visit you twice  listen at once to what it teaches.
You can beat the Bear once  but never the same way twice.
Any man can make mistakes  but only an idiot persists in his error.
There is nothing wrong with making mistakes. Just don't respond with encores.
The road to wisdom? Well  it's plain and simple to express: Err  and err  and err again. But less  and less  and less.
I made a mistake today  I made a mistake yesterday. I think it's ... very important to ignore the negative.
The biggest quality in successful people I think is an impatience with negative thinking. ... How many opportunities come along? If you wait for the right one  that's wrong  because it may never be right  and what have you got to lose? Even if it's a disaster  you've tried  you've learned something  you've had an adventure. And that doesn't mean you can't do it again.
A peacefulness follows any decision  even the wrong one.
If you don't accept failure as a possibility  you don't set high goals  you don't branch out  you don't try - you don't take the risk.
When we can begin to take our failures non-seriously  it means we are ceasing to be afraid of them. It is of immense importance to learn to laugh at ourselves.
If I lose  I'll walk away and never feel bad.... Because I did all I could  there was nothing more to do.
A man must learn to forgive himself.
You must accept that you might fail  then  if you do your best and still don't win  at least you can be satisfied that you've tried.
Who would not rather trust and be deceived?
Forget mistakes. Forget failure. Forget everything except what you're going to do now and do it. Today is your lucky day.
There is a way to look at the past. Don't hide from it. It will not catch you if you don't repeat it.
Forget your mistakes  but remember what they taught you.
Supposing you have tried and failed again and again. You may have a fresh start any moment you choose  for this thing that we call "failure" is not the falling down  but the staying down.
Failure is a disappointment but not defeat.
Memories are the key not to the past  but to the future.
Failure is delay  but not defeat. It is a temporary detour  not a dead-end street.
Finite to fail  but infinite to venture.
When in doubt  make a fool of yourself. There is a microscopically thin line between being brilliantly creative and acting like the most gigantic idiot on earth. So what the hell  leap.
Failure really isn't terrible if you can say to yourself  hey  I know I'm gonna be successful at what I want to do someday. Failure doesn't become a big hangup then because it's only temporary. If failure is absolute  then it would be a disaster  but as long as it's only temporary you can just go and achieve almost anything.
Failure is an event  never a person.
It is better to be boldly decisive and risk being wrong than to agonize at length and be right too late.
I've never met a person  I don't care what his condition  in whom I could not see possibilities. I don't care how much a man may consider himself a failure  I believe in him  for he can change the thing that is wrong in his life anytime he is prepared and ready to do it. Whenever he develops the desire  he can take away from his life the thing that is defeating it. The capacity for reformation and change lies within.
I think and think for months  for years. Ninety-nine times the conclusion is false. The hundredth time I am right.
Take chances  make mistakes. That's how you grow. Pain nourishes your courage. You have to fail in order to practice being brave.
Take risks. You can't fall off the bottom.
When it goes wrong  you feel like cutting your throat  but you go on. You don't let anything get you down so much that it beats you or stops you.
You must have long-range goals to keep you from being frustrated by short-range failures.
Life is a series of relapses and recoveries.
We learn courageous action by going forward whenever fear urges us back. A little boy was asked how he learned to skate. "By getting up every time I fell down " he answered.
If I had to live my life over again  I'd dare to make more mistakes next time.
Failure is only postponed success as long as courage 'coaches' ambition. The habit of persistence is the habit of victory.
Entrepreneurs average 3.8 failures before final success. What sets the successful ones apart is their amazing persistence. There are a lot of people out there with good and marketable ideas  but pure entrepreneurial types almost never accept defeat.
Success is going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm.
I don't accept defeat as final. Only death is final - and even then I hope for a reprieve.
Never confuse a single defeat with a final defeat.
Men's best successes come after their disappointments.
I've been failing for  like  ten or eleven years. When it turns  it'll turn. Right now I'm just tryin' to squeeze through a very tight financial period  get the movie out  and put my things in order.
Don't let a kick in the ass stop you. It's how you cope that says what you are.
What is to be got at to make the air sweet  the ground good under the feet  can only be got at by failure  trial  again and again and again failure.
They say President Wilson has blundered. Perhaps he has  but I notice he usually blunders forward.
Some of the biggest failures I ever had were successes.
Not all who seem to fail have failed indeed. Not all who fail have therefore worked in vain. There is no failure for the good and brave.
No honest work of man or woman "fails"  it feeds the sum of all human action.
Defeat in doing right is nevertheless victory.
The only failure a man ought to fear is failure in cleaving to the purpose he sees to be best.
Sometimes what you want to do has to fail so you won't.
There are defeats more triumphant than victories.
An error gracefully acknowledged is a victory won.
Nothing succeeds like failure.
Because a fellow has failed once or twice  or a dozen times  you don't want to set him down as a failure until he's dead or loses his courage -  and that's the same thing.
What we have most to fear is failure of the heart.
No man is a failure who is enjoying life.
You are beaten to earth? Well  well  what's that? Come up with a smiling face  it's nothing against you to fall down flat  but to lie there - that's disgrace.
He alone fails who gives up and lies down.
Never give a man up until he has failed at something he likes.
Failure is not in losing  but in no longer believing that winning is worthwhile.
He's no failure. He's not dead yet.
Inside of a ring or out  ain't nothing wrong with going down. It's staying down that's wrong.
It ain't no disgrace for a man to fall  but to lie there and grunt is.
If you have made mistakes  even serious ones  there is always another chance for you. What we call failure is not the falling down  but the staying down.
If a man has a talent and cannot use it  he has failed. If he has a talent and uses only half of it  he has partly failed. If he has a talent and learns somehow to use the whole of it  he has gloriously succeeded  and won a satisfaction and a triumph few men ever know.
Not failure  but low aim  is a crime.
There is only one real failure in life that is possible  and that is not to be true to the best one knows.
Perhaps the only real failure is that implying waste  a conscious and flagrant non-use or misuse of ability.
There are two kinds of failures: The man who will do nothing he is told  and the man who will do nothing else.
The only failure a man ought to fear is failure in cleaving to the purpose he sees to be best.
There is no failure except in no longer trying.
Men do not fail  they stop trying.
Most people live and die with their music still unplayed. They never dare to try.
It is a very dangerous thing to have an idea that you will not practice.
If you risk nothing  then you risk everything.
Men must try and try again.
In the past  few women have tried and even fewer have succeeded.
A mistake is not a failure  but evidence that someone tried to do something.
Man must strive  and in striving  he must err.
The person interested in success has to learn to view failure as a healthy  inevitable part of the process of getting to the top.
Failure after long perseverance is much grander than never to have a striving good enough to be called a failure.
The sight of a cage is only frightening to the bird that has once been caught.
Your success depends on your ability to dream and follow through on those dreams.
Keep trying. Take care of the small circle around you. When you have succeeded with them  then move outwards  one small step at a time.
It is better to be young in your failures than old in your successes.
There might be false starts and do-overs. You are entitled to experiment before you find your calling.
Life is the only real counselor. Wisdom unfiltered through personal experience does not become a part of the moral tissue.
The only failure which lacks dignity is the failure to try.
To know that one has never really tried - that is the only death.
We have to keep trying things we're not sure we can pull off. If we just do the things we know we can do ... you don't grow as much. You gotta take those chances on making those big mistakes.
If you're not failing  you're not trying anything.
If you play it safe in life  you've decided that you don't want to grow anymore.
Those who try and fail are much wiser than those who never try for fear of failure.
A man's life is interesting primarily when he has failed - I well know. For it's a sign that he tried to surpass himself.
To avoid an occasion for our virtues is a worse degree of failure than to push forward pluckily and fall.
The fearful are caught as often as the bold.
Inaction  contrary to its reputation for being a refuge  is neither safe nor comfortable.
They fail  and they alone  who have not striven.
You may be disappointed if you fail  but you are doomed if you don't try.
It takes as much courage to have tried and failed as it does to have tried and succeeded.
Failure is something made only by those who fail to dare  not by those who dare to fail.
You don't always win your battles  but it's good to know you fought.
The man who has done his level best  and who is conscious that he has done his best  is a success  even though the world may write him down a failure.
Many a man never fails because he never tries.
Good judgment comes from experience  and experience comes from poor judgment.
Life is very interesting  if you make mistakes.
When I have listened to my mistakes  I have grown.
Mistakes and errors are the discipline through which we advance.
A stumble may prevent a fall.
A life spent making mistakes is not only more honorable but more useful than a life spent doing nothing.
It is defeat that turns bone to flint  it is defeat that turns gristle to muscle  it is defeat that makes men invincible. Do not then be afraid of defeat. You are never so near to victory as when defeated in a good cause.
Besides the practical knowledge which defeat offers  there are important personality profits to be taken. Defeat strips away false values and makes you realize what you really want. It stops you from chasing butterflies and puts you to work digging gold.
No experiment is ever a complete failure. It can always be used as a bad example.
Failure is the foundation of success  and the means by which it is achieved.
There is much to be said for failure. It is more interesting than success.
Failure sometimes enlarges the spirit. You have to fall back upon humanity and .
It is often the failure who is the pioneer in new lands  new undertakings  and new forms of expression.
Let us not be needlessly bitter  certain failures are sometimes fruitful.
If I win several tournaments in a row  I get so confident I'm in a cloud. A loss gets me eager again.
There's nothing that cleanses your soul like getting the hell kicked out of you.
Failure is only an opportunity to begin again more intelligently.
Disappointments are to the soul what the thunder-storm is to the air.
The wisest person is not the one who has the fewest failures  but the one who turns failures to best account.
One of the advantages of defeat in life - maybe the main advantage - is that it provides an excuse for change. Defeat... invariably leads to new adventures.
Failure is 's own tool for carving some of the finest outlines in the character of his children.
I quit being afraid when my first venture failed and the sky didn't fall down.
What is defeat? Nothing but education  nothing but the first step to something better.
From their errors and mistakes the wise and good learn wisdom for the future.
Having harvested all the knowledge and wisdom we can from our mistakes and failures  we should put them behind us and go ahead.
I think success has no rules  but you can learn a great deal from failure.
Failure is just another way to learn how to do something right.
There are no mistakes  no coincidences. All events are blessings given to us to learn from.
We will be victorious if we have not forgotten how to learn.
It is the true nature of mankind to learn from mistakes  not from example.
The psychotherapist learns little or nothing from his successes. They mainly confirm him in his mistakes  while his failures  on the other hand  are priceless experiences in that they not only open up the way to a deeper truth  but force him to change his views and methods.
Failure ... is  in a sense  the highway to success  inasmuch as every discovery of what is false leads us to seek earnestly after what is true  and every fresh experience points out some form of error which we shall afterward carefully avoid.
We need to teach a highly educated person that it is not a disgrace to fail and that he must analyze every failure to find its cause. He must learn how to fail intelligently  for failing is one of the greatest arts of the world.
When a man is pushed  tormented  defeated  he has a chance to learn something  he has been put on his wits  on his manhood  he has gained the facts  learned his ignorance  is cured of the insanity of conceit  has got moderation and real skill.
There are no mistakes. The events we bring upon ourselves  no matter how unpleasant  are necessary in order to learn what we need to learn  whatever steps we take  they're necessary to reach the places we've chosen to go.
Failure is instructive. The person who really thinks learns quite as much from his failures as from his successes.
Failure is a school in which the truth always grows strong.
The important thing is to learn a lesson every time you lose.
It's good to fail now and again - you learn a lot more out of failure than you do out of success.
One of the reasons mature people stop learning is that they become less and less willing to risk failure.
Through failure  we learn a lesson in humility which is probably needed  painful though it is.
A failure is a man who has blundered  but is not able to cash in the experience.
Like success  failure is many things to many people. With Positive Mental Attitude  failure is a learning experience  a rung on the ladder  a plateau at which to get your thoughts in order and prepare to try again.
Disappointment is the nurse of wisdom.
When you make a mistake  don't look back at it long. Take the reason of the thing into your mind  and then look forward. Mistakes are lessons of wisdom. The past cannot be changed. The future is yet in your power.
What can any of us do with his talent but try to develop his vision  so that through frequent failures we may learn better what we have missed in the past.
Nothing is a waste of time if you use the experience wisely.
From the errors of others  a wise man corrects his own.
Learn from the mistakes of others -  you can't live long enough to make them all yourself.
The entire history of science is a progression of exploded fallacies.
Don't use the conduct of a fool as a precedent.
Wise men learn by other men's mistakes  fools by their own.
Learn to see in another's calamity the ills which you should avoid.
A man is fortunate if he encounters living examples of vice  as well as of virtue  to inspire him.
The line between failure and success is so fine that we scarcely know when we pass it  so fine that we are often on the line and do not know it.
A series of failures may culminate in the best possible result.
Failure is that early morning hour of darkness which precedes the dawning of the day of success.
People fail forward to success.
Apparent failure may hold in its rough shell the germs of a success that will blossom in time  and bear fruit throughout eternity.
The causes of mistakes are "I didn't know"  "I didn't think"  and "I didn't care."
Failures are divided into two classes: those who thought and never did  and those who did and never thought.
A failure establishes only this  that our determination to succeed was not strong enough.
Self-distrust is the cause of most of our failures. They are the weakest  however strong  who have no faith in themselves or their own powers.
Defeat is a thing of weariness  of incoherence  of boredom.
Failure at a task may be the result of having tackled it at the wrong time.
We fail more often by timidity than by over-daring.
Failure is more frequently from want of energy than want of capital.
Losers have tons of variety. Champions take pride in just learning to hit the same old boring winners.
Lack of will power has caused more failures than lack of intelligence or ability.
The word fate ... is the refuge of every self-confessed failure.
Half the things that people do not succeed in are through fear of making the attempt.
The man who fails because he aims astray  or because he does not aim at all  is to be found everywhere.
Half the failures in life come from pulling one's horse in when he is leaping.
I cannot give you the formula for success  but I can give you the formula for failure: try to please everybody.
If your project doesn't work  look for the part that you didn't think was important.
Ninety-nine percent of the failures come from people who have the habit of making excuses.
One who fears failure limits his activities.
The difference between failure and success is doing a thing nearly right and doing a thing exactly right.
We have forty million reasons for failure  but not a single excuse.
The greatest mistake you can make in life is to be continually fearing you will make one.
How to succeed: Try hard enough. How to fail: Try too hard.
Most men fail  not through lack of education  but from lack of dogged determination  from lack of dauntless will.
Failure comes only when we forget our ideals and objects and principles.
An error is simply a failure to adjust immediately from a preconception to an actuality.
We are less likely to fail if we measure with judgement our chances and our capabilities.
Laziness is a secret ingredient that goes into failure. But it's only kept a secret from the person who fails.
Failure is usually the line of least persistence.
You can't expect to win unless you know why you lose.
Most people don't plan to fail  they fail to plan.
Failure is not sweet  but it need not be bitter.
The ultimate umpire of all things in life is - fact.
Losses are comparative  imagination only makes them of any moment.
I would prefer even to fail with honor than win by cheating.
Disillusion is a natural stage that follows the holding of an illusion.
Happiness is itself a kind of gratitude.
One cannot collect all the beautiful shells on the beach.
A man who accustoms himself to buy superfluities is often in want of necessities.
What is the proper limit for wealth? It is  first  to have what is necessary  and  second  to have what is enough.
He has enough who is contented with little.
There is a great difference between satisfaction and satiation.
More than enough is too much.
It's a grand thing to be able to take your money in your hand and to think no more of it when it slips away from you than you would a trout that would slip back into the stream.
Let him who has enough wish for nothing more.
Nothing is enough to the man for whom enough is too little.
Sufficiency's enough for men of sense.
You never know what is enough unless you know what is more than enough.
Enough is as good as a feast.
There is satiety in all things  in sleep  and love-making  in the loveliness of singing and the innocent dance.
The average man is rich enough when he has a little more than he has got.
A wise man will desire no more than what he may get justly  use soberly  distribute cheerfully  and leave con-tently.
Money and time are the heaviest burdens of life  and the unhappiest of all mortals are those who have more of either than they know how to use.
Whoever is not in his coffin and the dark grave  let him know he has enough.
Too much is unwholesome.
This only grant me  that my means may lie too low for envy  for contempt too high.
Moderation is the key to lasting enjoyment.
Nothing in excess.
Ask the gods nothing excessive.
Avarice is as destitute of what it has as poverty is of what it has not.
Philosophy ... should not pretend to increase our present stock  but make us economists of what we are possessed of.
The use we make of our fortune determines as to its sufficiency. A little is enough if used wisely  and too much is not enough if expended foolishly.
It is possible to own too much. A man with one watch knows what time it is  a man with two watches is never quite sure.
Happiness is a way station between too much and too little.
To be able to dispense with good things is tantamount to possessing them.
We don't need to increase our goods nearly as much as we need to scale down our wants. Not wanting something is as good as possessing it.
The hardest thing is to take less when you can get more.
Whoever does not regard what he has as most ample wealth is unhappy  though he is master of the world.
I have learned to seek my happiness by limiting my desires  rather than in attempting to satisfy them.
How few are our real wants  and how easy is it to satisfy them! Our imaginary ones are boundless and insatiable.
Of all the people in the world  those who want the most are those who have the most.
Who covets more is evermore a slave.
If you desire many things  many things will seem but a few.
The heart is great which shows moderation in the midst of prosperity.
Want is a growing giant whom the coat of Have was never large enough to cover.
Freedom is not procured by a full enjoyment of what is desired  but by controlling the desire.
How many things there are which I do not want.
Moderate desires constitute a character fitted to acquire all the good which the world can yield. He who has this character is prepared  in whatever situation he is  therewith to be content and has learned the science of being happy.
Were a man to order his life by the rules of true reason  a frugal substance joined to a contented mind is for him great riches.
One is never fortunate or as unfortunate as one imagines.
Man needs so little ... yet he begins wanting so much.
Man never has what he wants  because what he wants is everything.
If your desires be endless  your cares and fears will be so  too.
We are no longer happy so soon as we wish to be happier.
He is not rich that possesses much  but he that covets no more  and he is not poor that enjoys little  but he that wants too much.
Independence may be found in comparative as well as in absolute abundance  I mean where a person contracts his desires within the limits of his fortune.
One never hugs one's good luck so affectionately as when listening to the relation of some horrible misfortunes which has overtaken others.
If you would but exchange places with the other fellow  how much more you could appreciate your own position.
We should learn  by reflection on the misfortunes of others  that there is nothing singular in those which befall ourselves.
Double-no  triple-our troubles and we'd still be better off than any other people on earth.
I wept because I had no shoes  until I saw a man who had no feet.
When life's problems seem overwhelming  look around and see what other people are coping with. You may consider yourself fortunate.
If all misfortunes were laid in one common heap whence everyone must take an equal portion  most people would be contented to take their own and depart.
Not he who has little  but he who wishes more  is poor.
The covetous man is always poor.
He is not poor that hath not much  but he that craves much.
He is poor who does not feel content.
I have no riches but my thoughts. Yet these are wealth enough for me.
He who curbs his desires will always be rich enough.
There is a gigantic difference between earning a great deal of money and being rich.
That man is richest whose pleasures are the cheapest.
If you want an accounting of your worth  count your friends.
I've had an exciting life  I married for love and got a little money along with it.
True affluence is not needing anything.
There are many excuses for the person who made the mistake of confounding money and wealth. Like many others they mistook the sign for the thing signified.
Friends are the thermometer by which we may judge the temperature of our fortunes.
To be satisfied with what one has  that is wealth. As long as one sorely needs a certain additional amount  that man isn't rich.
I have the greatest of all riches: that of not desiring them.
My friends are my estate.
A man is rich in proportion to the things he can afford to let alone.
There are people who have money and people who are rich.
He is rich that is satisfied.
Nor need we power or splendor  wide hall or lordly dome  the good  the true  the tender-these form the wealth of home.
He is well paid that is well satisfied.
He who is content in his poverty is wonderfully rich.
He who is contented is rich.
A BMW can't take you as far as a diploma.
All fortune belongs to him who has a contented mind.
The greatest wealth is contentment with a little.
No one has yet had the courage to memorialize his wealth on his tombstone. A dollar mark would not look well there.
So many of us define ourselves by what we have  what we wear  what kind of house we live in  and what kind of car we drive ... if you think of yourself as the woman in the Cartier watch and the Hermes scarf  a house fire will destroy not only your possessions but your self.
The externals are simply so many props  everything we need is within us.
He is not rich that possesses much  but he that is content with what he has.
One well-cultivated talent  deepened and enlarged  is worth one hundred shallow faculties.
If only every man would make proper use of his strength and do his utmost  he need never regret his limited ability.
Anyone is to be pitied who has just sense enough to perceive his deficiencies.
What strange perversity is it that induces a man to set his heart on doing those things which he has not succeeded in  and makes him slight those in which his achievement has been respectable.
I may not amount to much  but at least I am unique.
Happy is the man who can do only one thing: in doing it  he fulfills his destiny.
The real tragedy of life is not being limited to one talent  but in failing to use that one talent.
Too many people overvalue what they are not and undervalue what they are.
Nothing will content him who is not content with a little.
Contentment is worth more than riches.
I figure if I have my health  can pay the rent and I have my friends  I call it "content."
Be content with what thou hast received  and smooth thy frowning forehead.
He is poor who does not feel content.
If thou covetest riches  ask not but for contentment  which is an immense treasure.
Who is content with nothing possesses all things.
My crown is called content  a crown that seldom kings enjoy.
It is right to be contented with what we have  never with what we are.
Be content with your lot  one cannot be first in everything.
Content may dwell in all stations. To be low  but above contempt  may be high enough to be happy.
He is not rich that possesses much  but he that is content with what he has.
True contentment... is the power of getting out of any situation all that there is in it. It is arduous  and it is rare.
Poor and content is rich  and rich enough.
The greatest wealth is contentment with a little.
And be content with such things as ye have.
Everything has its wonders  even darkness and silence  and I learn  whatever state I may be in  therein to be content.
Try to live the life of the good man who is more than content with what is allocated to him.
The world is full of people looking for spectacular happiness while they snub contentment.
We are never content with our lot.
Until you make peace with who you are  you'll never be content with what you have.
True contentment depends not upon what we have  a tub was large enough for Diogenes  but a world was too little for Alexander.
To be content with little is difficult  to be content with much  impossible.
Reflect upon your present blessings  of which every man has many  not on your past misfortunes  of which all men have some.
No longer forward nor behind I look in hope or fear  But  grateful  take the good I find  The best of now and here.
What a wonderful life I've had! I only wish I'd realized it sooner.
Was it always my nature to take a bad time and block out the good times  until any success became an accident and failure seemed the only truth?
Most human beings have an almost infinite capacity for taking things for granted.
There are men who are happy without knowing it.
We are all of us richer than we think we are.
What a miserable thing life is: you're living in clover  only the clover isn't good enough.
I am convinced  the longer I live  that life and its blessings are not so entirely unjustly distributed as when we are suffering greatly we are inclined to suppose.
Life is hard. Next to what?
Over a period of time it's been driven home to me that I'm not going to be the most popular writer in the world  so I'm always happy when anything in any way is accepted.
It made me gladsome to be getting some education  it being like a big window opening.
Too much of a good thing can be wonderful.
A man with ambition and love for his blessings here on earth is ever so alive. Having been alive  it won't be so hard in the end to lie down and rest.
In the country of the blind  the one-eyed man is king.
Be satisfied  and pleased with what thou art  Act cheerfully and well thou allotted part  Enjoy the present hour  be thankful for the past  And neither fear  nor wish  the approaches of the last.
No one is satisfied with his fortune  or dissatisfied with his intellect.
Tis better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all.
 pardons like a mother  who kisses the offense into everlasting forgetfulness.
Good  to forgive  Best  to forget.
It is easier to forgive an enemy than a friend.
His heart was as great as the world  but there was no room in it to hold the memory of a wrong.
Bear and forbear.
Forgive us our trespasses  as we forgive them that trespass against us.
To err is human  to forgive  divine.
Forgive others often  yourself never.
It is manlike to punish but godlike to forgive.
Fortune makes him fool  whom she makes her darling.
It is fortune  not wisdom  that rules man's life.
Fortune truly helps those who are of good judgment.
The bitter dregs of Fortune's cup to drain.
Fortunes made in no time are like shirts made in no time  it's ten to one if they hang long together.
Men are seldom blessed with good fortune and good sense at the same time.
Fortune and Love befriend the bold.
Every man is the architect of his own fortune.
O fortune  fortune! all men call thee fickle.
There is a tide in the affairs of men Which  taken at the flood  leads on to fortune.
A sleeping fox counts hens in his dreams.
Frailty  thy name is woman!
An amiable weakness.
Forty million Frenchmen can't be wrong.
France  freed from that monster  Bonaparte  must again become the most agreeable country on earth. It would be the second choice of all whose ties of family and fortune give a preference to some other one  and the first choice of all not under those ties.
Ye sons of France  awake to glory! Hark! Hark! what myriads bid you rise! Your children  wives and grandsires hoary  Behold their tears and hear their cries!
France always has plenty men of talent  but it is always deficient in men of action and high character.
The cause of freedom is the cause of .
Life is not so short but that there is always time enough for courtesy.
A decent boldness ever meets with friends.
It is not enough to succeed  a friend must fail.
A friend in power is a friend lost.
A friend is one before whom I may think aloud.
Iron sharpeneth man  so a man sharpeneth the countenance of his friend.
Chance makes our parents  but choice makes our friends.
Hope is a pleasant acquaintance  but an unsafe friend.
Money can't buy friends  but you can get a better class of enemy.
Every time I paint a portrait I lose a friend.
My heart is warm with the friends I make  And better friends I'll not be knowing  Yet there isn't a train I wouldn't take  No matter where it's going.
A sympathetic friend can be quite dear as a brother.
Friends are relatives you make for yourself.
A good friend is my nearest relation.
The rich know not who is his friend.
The richer your friends  the more they will cost you.
A friend in need is a friend indeed.
It is easier to forgive an enemy than a friend.
Man's best support is a very dear friend.
If you want an accounting of your worth  count your friends.
A true friend is the best possession.
Best friend  my well-spring in the wilderness!
The only way to have a friend is to be one.
A friend should be a master at guessing and keeping still.
I have lost friends  some by death ... others by sheer inability to cross the street.
Faithful are the wounds of a friend  but the kisses of an enemy are deceitful.
An old friend never can be found  and nature has provided that he cannot easily be lost.
One who's our friend is fond of us  one who's fond of us isn't necessarily our friend.
True friends ... face in the same direction  toward common projects  interests  goals.
Friends are a second existence.
My helpless friend  your helplessness is the most powerful plea which rises up to the tender father-heart of . You think that everything is closed to you because you cannot pray. My friend  your helplessness is the very essence of prayer.
A decent boldness ever meets with friends.
It is not enough to succeed  a friend must fail.
A friend in power is a friend lost.
A friend is one before whom I may think aloud.
Iron sharpeneth man  so a man sharpeneth the countenance of his friend.
Chance makes our parents  but choice makes our friends.
Hope is a pleasant acquaintance  but an unsafe friend.
Money can't buy friends  but you can get a better class of enemy.
Every time I paint a portrait I lose a friend.
My heart is warm with the friends I make  And better friends I'll not be knowing  Yet there isn't a train I wouldn't take  No matter where it's going.
A sympathetic friend can be quite dear as a brother.
Friends are relatives you make for yourself.
A good friend is my nearest relation.
The rich know not who is his friend.
The richer your friends  the more they will cost you.
A friend in need is a friend indeed.
It is easier to forgive an enemy than a friend.
Man's best support is a very dear friend.
If you want an accounting of your worth  count your friends.
A true friend is the best possession.
Best friend  my well-spring in the wilderness!
The only way to have a friend is to be one.
A friend should be a master at guessing and keeping still.
I have lost friends  some by death ... others by sheer inability to cross the street.
Faithful are the wounds of a friend  but the kisses of an enemy are deceitful.
An old friend never can be found  and nature has provided that he cannot easily be lost.
One who's our friend is fond of us  one who's fond of us isn't necessarily our friend.
True friends ... face in the same direction  toward common projects  interests  goals.
Friends are a second existence.
My helpless friend  your helplessness is the most powerful plea which rises up to the tender father-heart of . You think that everything is closed to you because you cannot pray. My friend  your helplessness is the very essence of prayer.
A decent boldness ever meets with friends.
It is not enough to succeed  a friend must fail.
A friend in power is a friend lost.
A friend is one before whom I may think aloud.
Iron sharpeneth man  so a man sharpeneth the countenance of his friend.
Chance makes our parents  but choice makes our friends.
Hope is a pleasant acquaintance  but an unsafe friend.
Money can't buy friends  but you can get a better class of enemy.
Every time I paint a portrait I lose a friend.
My heart is warm with the friends I make  And better friends I'll not be knowing  Yet there isn't a train I wouldn't take  No matter where it's going.
A sympathetic friend can be quite dear as a brother.
Friends are relatives you make for yourself.
A good friend is my nearest relation.
The rich know not who is his friend.
The richer your friends  the more they will cost you.
A friend in need is a friend indeed.
It is easier to forgive an enemy than a friend.
Man's best support is a very dear friend.
If you want an accounting of your worth  count your friends.
A true friend is the best possession.
Best friend  my well-spring in the wilderness!
The only way to have a friend is to be one.
A friend should be a master at guessing and keeping still.
I have lost friends  some by death ... others by sheer inability to cross the street.
Faithful are the wounds of a friend  but the kisses of an enemy are deceitful.
An old friend never can be found  and nature has provided that he cannot easily be lost.
One who's our friend is fond of us  one who's fond of us isn't necessarily our friend.
True friends ... face in the same direction  toward common projects  interests  goals.
Friends are a second existence.
My helpless friend  your helplessness is the most powerful plea which rises up to the tender father-heart of . You think that everything is closed to you because you cannot pray. My friend  your helplessness is the very essence of prayer.
A decent boldness ever meets with friends.
It is not enough to succeed  a friend must fail.
A friend in power is a friend lost.
A friend is one before whom I may think aloud.
Iron sharpeneth man  so a man sharpeneth the countenance of his friend.
Chance makes our parents  but choice makes our friends.
Hope is a pleasant acquaintance  but an unsafe friend.
Money can't buy friends  but you can get a better class of enemy.
Every time I paint a portrait I lose a friend.
My heart is warm with the friends I make  And better friends I'll not be knowing  Yet there isn't a train I wouldn't take  No matter where it's going.
A sympathetic friend can be quite dear as a brother.
Friends are relatives you make for yourself.
A good friend is my nearest relation.
The rich know not who is his friend.
The richer your friends  the more they will cost you.
A friend in need is a friend indeed.
It is easier to forgive an enemy than a friend.
Man's best support is a very dear friend.
If you want an accounting of your worth  count your friends.
A true friend is the best possession.
Best friend  my well-spring in the wilderness!
The only way to have a friend is to be one.
A friend should be a master at guessing and keeping still.
I have lost friends  some by death ... others by sheer inability to cross the street.
Faithful are the wounds of a friend  but the kisses of an enemy are deceitful.
An old friend never can be found  and nature has provided that he cannot easily be lost.
One who's our friend is fond of us  one who's fond of us isn't necessarily our friend.
True friends ... face in the same direction  toward common projects  interests  goals.
Friends are a second existence.
My helpless friend  your helplessness is the most powerful plea which rises up to the tender father-heart of . You think that everything is closed to you because you cannot pray. My friend  your helplessness is the very essence of prayer.
A decent boldness ever meets with friends.
It is not enough to succeed  a friend must fail.
A friend in power is a friend lost.
A friend is one before whom I may think aloud.
Iron sharpeneth man  so a man sharpeneth the countenance of his friend.
Chance makes our parents  but choice makes our friends.
Hope is a pleasant acquaintance  but an unsafe friend.
Money can't buy friends  but you can get a better class of enemy.
Every time I paint a portrait I lose a friend.
My heart is warm with the friends I make  And better friends I'll not be knowing  Yet there isn't a train I wouldn't take  No matter where it's going.
A sympathetic friend can be quite dear as a brother.
Friends are relatives you make for yourself.
A good friend is my nearest relation.
The rich know not who is his friend.
The richer your friends  the more they will cost you.
A friend in need is a friend indeed.
It is easier to forgive an enemy than a friend.
Man's best support is a very dear friend.
If you want an accounting of your worth  count your friends.
A true friend is the best possession.
Best friend  my well-spring in the wilderness!
The only way to have a friend is to be one.
A friend should be a master at guessing and keeping still.
I have lost friends  some by death ... others by sheer inability to cross the street.
Faithful are the wounds of a friend  but the kisses of an enemy are deceitful.
An old friend never can be found  and nature has provided that he cannot easily be lost.
One who's our friend is fond of us  one who's fond of us isn't necessarily our friend.
True friends ... face in the same direction  toward common projects  interests  goals.
Friends are a second existence.
My helpless friend  your helplessness is the most powerful plea which rises up to the tender father-heart of . You think that everything is closed to you because you cannot pray. My friend  your helplessness is the very essence of prayer.
A decent boldness ever meets with friends.
It is not enough to succeed  a friend must fail.
A friend in power is a friend lost.
A friend is one before whom I may think aloud.
Iron sharpeneth man  so a man sharpeneth the countenance of his friend.
Chance makes our parents  but choice makes our friends.
Hope is a pleasant acquaintance  but an unsafe friend.
Money can't buy friends  but you can get a better class of enemy.
Every time I paint a portrait I lose a friend.
My heart is warm with the friends I make  And better friends I'll not be knowing  Yet there isn't a train I wouldn't take  No matter where it's going.
A sympathetic friend can be quite dear as a brother.
Friends are relatives you make for yourself.
A good friend is my nearest relation.
I wake up every morning literally with a smile on my face, grateful for another day I never thought I'd see.
A muscle is like a car. If you want it to run well early in the morning, you have to warm it up.
I have always been delighted at the prospect of a new day, a fresh try, one more start, with perhaps a bit of magic waiting somewhere behind the morning.
Makeup is no different than clothes and accessories - it's embellishments for your face. And it also gives you creative freedom. You get to have that moment in front the mirror every morning and give yourself self-love. You're making yourself up beautiful, which is essentially self-love.
I remind myself every morning: Nothing I say this day will teach me anything. So if I'm going to learn, I must do it by listening.
I've been saying for a couple of years now that people need to let  out of the Sunday morning box, that He doesn't want to just be with you for an hour or two on Sunday morning and then put back in His box to sit there until you have an emergency, but He wants to invade your Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday, and Sunday.
For the past 33 years, I have looked in the mirror every morning and asked myself: 'If today were the last day of my life, would I want to do what I am about to do today?' And whenever the answer has been 'No' for too many days in a row, I know I need to change something.
You know, I looked at my face in the mirror this morning, and I like being old. My face has more content and when I train in the gym now, I am not training to be strong or handsome - just better than I was yesterday. These days the race is just against myself.
No matter how bad things are, you can at least be happy that you woke up this morning.
Be pleasant until ten o'clock in the morning and the rest of the day will take care of itself.
My smile has been my ticket to the world. Smiling releases the same feel-good hormones you get jogging. Caring for your lips and gums is important. I brush my teeth morning and night, alternating toothpaste brands. In addition to flossing, I use a Water Pik to massage my gums and remove food particles.
If you get up in the morning and think the future is going to be better, it is a bright day. Otherwise, it's not.
You cry and you scream and you stomp your feet and you shout. You say, 'You know what? I'm giving up, I don't care.' And then you go to bed and you wake up and it's a brand new day, and you pick yourself back up again.
The sun is new each day.
Every morning brings new potential, but if you dwell on the misfortunes of the day before, you tend to overlook tremendous opportunities.
Police officers put the badge on every morning, not knowing for sure if they'll come home at night to take it off.
I get up in the morning looking for an adventure.
On Sunday morning, I'm not nervous... I can't wait to tell what  wants me to say.
To find the universal elements enough to find the air and the water exhilarating to be refreshed by a morning walk or an evening saunter... to be thrilled by the stars at night to be elated over a bird's nest or a wildflower in spring - these are some of the rewards of the simple life. 
We never look deeply into the quality of a tree; we never really touch it, feel its solidity, its rough bark, and hear the sound that is part of the tree. Not the sound of wind through the leaves, not the breeze of a morning that flutters the leaves, but its own sound, the sound of the trunk and the silent sound of the roots.
One morning I shot an elephant in my pajamas. How he got into my pajamas I'll never know.
What's money? A man is a success if he gets up in the morning and goes to bed at night and in between does what he wants to do.
It is well enough that people of the nation do not understand our banking and monetary system, for if they did, I believe there would be a revolution before tomorrow morning.
If it's your job to eat a frog, it's best to do it first thing in the morning. And If it's your job to eat two frogs, it's best to eat the biggest one first.
Driving a motorcycle is like flying. All your senses are alive. When I ride through Beverly Hills in the early morning, and all the sprinklers have turned off, the scents that wash over me are just heavenly. Being House is like flying, too. You're free of the gravity of what people think.
I get up every morning and it's going to be a great day. You never know when it's going to be over so I refuse to have a bad day.
You've got to get up every morning with determination if you're going to go to bed with satisfaction.
Mom and Dad were married 64 years. And if you wondered what their secret was, you could have asked the local florist - because every day Dad gave Mom a rose, which he put on her bedside table. That's how she found out what happened on the day my father died - she went looking for him because that morning, there was no rose.
I have to be alone very often. I'd be quite happy if I spent from Saturday night until Monday morning alone in my apartment. That's how I refuel.
If I could eat whatever I wanted every day, I would have Domino's pizza with pasta carbonara inside every slice. And at night, I would have Neapolitan ice cream until I felt absolutely toxic. And then I would drift off telling myself, 'It's going to be O.K... It's going to be O.K. you're going to train in the morning.'
Morning comes whether you set the alarm or not.
It is a matter of shame that in the morning the birds should be awake earlier than you.
You know, those of us who leave our homes in the morning and expect to find them there when we go back - it's hard for us to understand what the experience of a refugee might be like.
Every morning I wake up and thank .
Do and act on what you believe to be right, and you'll wake up the next morning feeling good about yourself.
There is nothing quite like a freshly brewed pot of tea to get you going in the morning.
Greet every morning with open arms and say thanks every night with a full heart. Each day is a precious gift to be savored and used, not left unopened and hoarded for a future that may never come.
A leaf fluttered in through the window this morning, as if supported by the rays of the sun, a bird settled on the fire escape, joy in the task of coffee, joy accompanied me as I walked.
On a day when you're tired, it's important to just say good morning to everyone so they're kind of aware that it's gonna be a good day. Jamie Lee Curtis told me that.
My dad is too cute. Every morning, he sends me one motivational quote. I have a folder full of all his quotes.
Early morning cheerfulness can be extremely obnoxious.
What is love? It is the morning and the evening star.
I just enjoy life now. I just enjoy every morning I get to wake up.
My perfect morning is spent drinking coffee, eating porridge and reading the paper at a local cafe.
Don't let the Monday morning quarterbacks stop you from being bold. You've got to set a high bar.
You don't learn style from watching people on a runway. Fashion happens every morning when you wake up.
A human being would certainly not grow to be seventy or eighty years old if this longevity had no meaning for the species. The afternoon of human life must also have a significance of its own and cannot be merely a pitiful appendage to life's morning.
There is no friend like an old friend who has shared our morning days, no greeting like his welcome, no homage like his praise.
It ain't as bad as you think. It will look better in the morning.
Love. Fall in love and stay in love. Write only what you love, and love what you write. The key word is love. You have to get up in the morning and write something you love, something to live for.
Some mornings, it's just not worth chewing through the leather straps.
Your body tells you what it needs, and if you sleep past your alarm on a Saturday morning, it's probably because you need the sleep.
In my afternoon walk I would fain forget all my morning occupations and my obligations to society.
When I wake up every morning, I smile and say, 'Thank you.' Because out of my window I can see the mountains, then go hiking with my dog and share her bounding joy in the world.
There is nothing that special to see when looking at me. I'm a painter who paints day in day out, from morning till evening - figure pictures and landscapes, more rarely portraits.
I had a very simple, unremarkable and happy life. And I grew up in a very small town. And so my life was made up of, you know, in the morning going to the river to fetch water - no tap water, and no electricity - and, you know, bathing in the river, and then going to school, and playing soccer afterwards.
In these times you have to be an optimist to open your eyes when you awake in the morning.
It is a common experience that a problem difficult at night is resolved in the morning after the committee of sleep has worked on it.
On a really good day, if I'm really trying, in the morning I'll have a piece of toast, vitamins and nuts, or a bagel with a little cream cheese. Then at lunch time, I'll get me one of those Chinese chicken salads, a glass of juice, and a big glass of water.
I'm a very early riser, and I don't like to miss that beautiful early morning light.
Manners is the key thing. Say, for instance, when you're growing up, you're walking down the street, you've got to tell everybody good morning. Everybody. You can't pass one person.
Being gritty doesn't mean not showing pain or pretending everything is O.K. In fact, when you look at healthy and successful and giving people, they are extraordinarily meta-cognitive. They're able to say things like, 'Dude, I totally lost my temper this morning.' That ability to reflect on yourself is signature to grit.
The person who doesn't scatter the morning dew will not comb gray hairs.
Remember that creating a successful marriage is like farming: you have to start over again every morning.
A good husband is never the first to go to sleep at night or the last to awake in the morning.
This morning when I put on my underwear I could hear the fruit-of-the-loom guys laughing at me.
I miss Saturday morning, rolling out of bed, not shaving, getting into my car with my girls, driving to the supermarket, squeezing the fruit, getting my car washed, taking walks.
If you're changing the world, you're working on important things. You're excited to get up in the morning.
I woke up one morning thinking about wolves and realized that wolf packs function as families. Everyone has a role, and if you act within the parameters of your role, the whole pack succeeds, and when that falls apart, so does the pack.
When I woke up Sunday morning at the Open and stepped outside and felt the wind and rain in my face, I knew I had an excellent chance to win if I just took my time and trusted myself.
I slept with faith and found a corpse in my arms on awakening I drank and danced all night with doubt and found her a virgin in the morning.
Cinema in India is like brushing your teeth in the morning. You can't escape it.
Send a bouquet of your face with the morning breeze.
If you're bored with life - you don't get up every morning with a burning desire to do things - you don't have enough goals.
I love Washington. I have an affection for the place. For a satirist, I think it's sort of Disneyland. I mean, you know, there's always some inspiration in the morning's headlines.
When I was in high school, I used to have breakfast with my grandpa every morning. He instilled a lot of values in me: hard work, loyalty. He grew up during the Great Depression in Philly in poverty - he didn't have enough to eat as a kid. Sometimes his family would get kicked out of their apartment because they couldn't pay the rent.
Freedom itself was attacked this morning by a faceless coward, and freedom will be defended.
I'm always thinking about creating. My future starts when I wake up every morning... Every day I find something creative to do with my life.
Food is a huge passion of mine, and because I want to eat whatever I want, I run every morning, and then I do weights a few times a week. It's just how I can balance eating pancakes in the morning, a big burger for lunch, and then a fat steak and cheesecake at night.
We sleep, but the loom of life never stops, and the pattern which was weaving when the sun went down is weaving when it comes up in the morning.
He, who every morning plans the transactions of the day, and follows that plan, carries a thread that will guide him through a labyrinth of the most busy life.
When I was younger I would go to the airport with my friends and drive out 2 A.M., 3 A.M. in the morning and just hang out until sunrise watching planes fly in and fly out. Just sit there and dream about how, one day, that's going to be us in those flights. We're gonna be one of those people with places to go.
Every morning, my dad would have me looking in the mirror and repeat, 'Today is going to be a great day; I can, and I will.'
A bachelor is a man who comes to work each morning from a different direction.
When I get up in the morning and put on a pink or a green wig, I see myself as a piece of animation. It lets me be the person I want to be, a person who's not embarrassed to have fun.
Even if you don't have time for a big workout, stretching in the morning and night really changes your body.
My view is that life is too short. I'm not being melodramatic or anything, but when your mother dies in your arms - just you and her, and it's one o'clock in the morning, and you're waiting for her to exhale - you just think, life's too bloody short to argue about the little things.
Get up tomorrow early in the morning, and earlier than you did today, and do the best that you can. Always stay near me, for tomorrow I will have much to do and more than I ever had, and tomorrow blood will leave my body above the breast.
'Good Morning America' exploited Joan Lunden's pregnancy, but you won't see me bringing my babies on the air. The only reason I'm talking about the babies at all is that they've been with me on the show since I became pregnant. After a while, I had to acknowledge this pumpkin tummy.
Tackle the difficult things first in the morning make changes in the way you network. Treat everyone with respect and dignity. This stops you from cynicism and negativity. End your day with that same attitude you started. Renew your contract with a day well completed.
Some people keep  in a Sunday morning box and say, 'Hey, I did my religious duty.' That's fine, but the scripture says to pray without ceasing. And I think that means all through the day you're talking to . Even if it's in your thoughts.
Most people go to the office and sit at a desk. When firefighters go to the office, we might birth a baby in the morning, save a drowning surfer in the afternoon, and run into a fire at night. What could be more interesting than that?
I want to host a religious show. I'm sure nobody will be wanting the 11 o'clock spot on Sunday morning. I think we should really get some of our own preachers and preach that gay is good. And we'd have a great choir.
I'd come to the country to do my Thoreau bit, so I needed an office that looked out onto the woods for inspiration. I converted one of the bedrooms into my workspace and through its windows watched the wildlife appear each morning with the sunrise. Many were the days I would sit in wonder, coffee in hand, for hours.
I love Chinese food, like steamed dim sum, and I can have noodles morning, noon and night, hot or cold. I like food that's very simple on the digestive system - I tend to keep it light. I love Japanese food too - sushi, sashimi and miso soup.
I come from a coffee-loving family, and you can always tell when my sister and I have been around, because both of us collect all the dead coffee from everyone's morning cup, pour it over ice, and drink it. This is a disgusting habit.
Where I grew up in Vermont, there is no municipal garbage removal. You have to bring your trash to the dump every weekend. Something like three hours on Saturday morning, the entire town goes in. It is actually a very efficient place to do politics. I would go to the garbage dump, get petitions signed, give out literature, talk to voters.
Who will tell whether one happy moment of love or the joy of breathing or walking on a bright morning and smelling the fresh air, is not worth all the suffering and effort which life implies.
Good morning is a contradiction of terms.
A good idea will keep you awake during the morning, but a great idea will keep you awake during the night.
Do not say, 'It is morning,' and dismiss it with a name of yesterday. See it for the first time as a newborn child that has no name.
One of my most vivid memories of the mid-1950s is of crying into a washbasin full of soapy grey baby clothes - there were no washing machines - while my handsome and adored husband was off playing football in the park on Sunday morning with all the delightful young men who had been friends to both of us at Cambridge three years earlier.
There's nothing more, nothing better in life to wake up in the morning, look at yourself in the mirror, and feel comfortable with yourself and who you are.
I love to start the morning with a mist spray, especially after a night out.
We all wake up in the morning wanting to live our lives the way we know we should. But we usually don't, in small ways. That's what makes a character like Batman so fascinating. He plays out our conflicts on a much larger scale.
Maxi dresses are also my best friend. They take me from my morning coffee, to the beach, to nighttime.
I appreciate my brother, His Highness Sheikh Mohammad Bin Rashid Al Maktoum, Vice-President and Prime Minister of the U.A.E. and Ruler of Dubai, and the Council of Ministers, who face every morning challenges, but plan and remove all obstacles to score achievements.
Everybody says 'Good Morning' in Harlem because it's true! And that's lovely.
Drink warm water with lemon first thing in the morning. It's a good way to detox and alkalize your body.
If one morning I walked on top of the water across the Potomac River, the headline that afternoon would read: 'President Can't Swim.'
I get up in the morning, torture a typewriter until it screams, then stop.
Like a morning dream, life becomes more and more bright the longer we live, and the reason of everything appears more clear. What has puzzled us before seems less mysterious, and the crooked paths look straighter as we approach the end.
I write in the morning, I walk in the afternoon and I read in the evening. It's a very easy, lovely life.
I don't have to wait until the next morning to regret something I did that was kinda dumb.
I'm very happy with the way I look. I wake up some morning, catch myself in the bathroom mirror, and go, 'hey girl, you're alright'. But on the other hand, I find the website stuff, and the polls, something completely removed from my own personal life. You can't take anything like that too seriously, otherwise you'd end up in the loony bin.
I like to use 'I Can't Believe it's Not Butter' on my toast in the morning, because sometimes when I eat breakfast, I like to be incredulous. How was breakfast? Unbelievable.
I obviously take a lot of pride in what I do on the football field, because that has the ability to influence a lot of people. That puts smiles on people's faces. That gives people a pep in their step on Monday morning when they go back to work.
If you want to be an entrepreneur, it's not a job, it's a lifestyle. It defines you. Forget about vacations, about going home at 6 pm - last thing at night you'll send emails, first thing in the morning you'll read emails, and you'll wake up in the middle of the night. But it's hugely rewarding as you're fulfilling something for yourself.
I was a very self-righteous 15-25 year old. Anyway, I wake up every morning and thank  I'm not a kid anymore.
I really can't be bothered going to a barber. And shaving every morning, that's nightmarish. I spent my teenage years covered in tiny little bits of toilet paper.
For me, training is my meditation, my yoga, hiking, biking all rolled into one. Wake up early in the morning, generally around 4 o'clock, and I'll do my cardio on an empty stomach. Stretch, have a big breakfast, and then I'll go train.
Never stop moving, or you'll stop moving. I go to dance class every morning, and it's just good to stay strong; I like being healthy.
I have fallen in love with granola, in life and at work. I exercise every morning, and then I have a monstrous day in front of me. Granola gives me energy. It's quick, tasty, and healthy.
My grandmother lived to 104 years old, and part of her success was she woke up every morning to a brand new day. She said every morning is a new gift. Her favorite hobby was collecting birthdays.
I wake up every morning in a house that was built by slaves, and I watch my daughters - two beautiful, intelligent black young women - playing with their dogs on the White House lawn. And because of Hillary Clinton, my daughters, and all our sons and daughters, now take for granted that a woman can be president of the United States.
The bed is a bundle of paradoxes: we go to it with reluctance, yet we quit it with regret; we make up our minds every night to leave it early, but we make up our bodies every morning to keep it late.
I've had my heart broken, and it's the hardest thing. Everyone says, 'Give it time, you'll feel better in the morning.' But you don't. You feel like it's never, ever going to heal - especially during the first few weeks.
I'm never any good in the morning. It is only after four in the afternoon that I get going.
Tomorrow morning before we depart, I intend to land and see what can be found in the neighborhood.
I'm not a morning person: I can't function until I've had a coffee - or several.
I am a fashion designer. I'm not an environmentalist. When I get up in the morning, number one I'm a mother and a wife, and number two I design clothes. So the main thing I need to do is create, hopefully, exquisitely beautiful, desirable objects for my customer.
I stopped smoking. But my personality I still have. I get up in the morning, and not everybody loves me, so if you want to call that a bad habit, there's that.
I have two bowls of confidence for breakfast each morning.
When I woke up this morning my girlfriend asked me, 'Did you sleep good?' I said 'No, I made a few mistakes.'
I wake up in the morning thinking about food.
I'm obsessed with radio. It's a good start to Sunday morning.
I don't know, but I always loved that image of a girl putting toenail polish on a guy - her boyfriend, or something like that. Or a guy waking up in the morning and reaching over and putting on his girlfriend's shirt. Like Keith Richards putting on one of Anita Pallenberg's blouses, or Courtney Love putting nail polish on Kurt Cobain.
When I wake up on a Sunday morning with a slight hangover, in the gym with no makeup on, that's who Natalie Dormer really is. The girl next door who gets a spot on her forehead occasionally.
There is nothing better than to make it to the College World Series. All of the extra reps in the weight room, all of the early morning practices, and all the hard work spent the entire year makes it worth it.
You know what it's like to wake up in the middle of the night with a vivid dream? And you know that if you don't have a pencil and pad by the bed, it will be completely gone by the next morning. Sometimes it's important to wake up and stop dreaming. When a really great dream shows up, grab it.
O sweet, delusive Noon, Which the morning climbs to find, O moment sped too soon, And morning left behind.
As I get older, I use less jewelry - necklace or earrings each morning, not both; my clothes are getting more basic - fewer colours and simpler cuts; and my make-up is stripped back to basics.
I have to have coffee in the morning.
I love the big fresh starts, the clean slates like birthdays and new years, but I also really like the idea that we can get up every morning and start over.
Arranging a bowl of flowers in the morning can give a sense of quiet in a crowded day - like writing a poem or saying a prayer.
You feel a little older in the morning. By noon I feel about 55.
In a real dark night of the soul, it is always three o'clock in the morning, day after day.
The light which puts out our eyes is darkness to us. Only that day dawns to which we are awake. There is more day to dawn. The sun is but a morning star.
Each morning sees some task begun, each evening sees it close; Something attempted, something done, has earned a night's repose.
Every morning I jump out of bed and step on a landmine. The landmine is me. After the explosion, I spent the rest of the day putting the pieces together.
Lose an hour in the morning, and you will spend all day looking for it.
Each morning when I awake, I experience again a supreme pleasure - that of being Salvador Dali.
The man with the best job in the country is the vice-president. All he has to do is get up every morning and say, 'How is the president?'
Burning desire to be or do something gives us staying power - a reason to get up every morning or to pick ourselves up and start in again after a disappointment.
Some mornings you wake up and think, gee I look handsome today. Other days I think, what am I doing in the movies? I wanna go back to Ireland and drive a forklift.
Cut your morning devotions into your personal grooming. You would not go out to work with a dirty face. Why start the day with the face of your soul unwashed?
When I wake up in the morning, I feel just like any other insecure 24-year-old girl.
The key to forming good habits is to make them part of your 'rituals.' I have a morning ritual, afternoon ritual, and Sunday ritual. It's one way to bundle good habits into regular times that you set aside to prepare yourself for the life you want. Rituals help you form habits.
I arise in the morning torn between a desire to improve the world and a desire to enjoy the world. This makes it hard to plan the day.
After all those years as a woman hearing 'not thin enough, not pretty enough, not smart enough, not this enough, not that enough,' almost overnight I woke up one morning and thought, 'I'm enough.'
A clear cold morning with high wind: we caught in a trap a large gray wolf, and last night obtained in the same way a fox who had for some time infested the neighbourhood of the fort.
Life is beautiful, what do you think? In the morning I say, 'Ah, I am alive still!' All my friends die already. I am alive. It is fantastic.
I am grateful every morning I wake up. I've a big family full of kids, who laugh all the time and love each other.
By Thursday morning, we'd gotten over the worst of it.
I recently took up ice sculpting. Last night I made an ice cube. This morning I made 12, I was prolific.
You wake up in the morning and you look at your old spoon, and you say to yourself, 'Mick, it's time to get yourself a new spoon.' And you do.
One morning, just like 9/11, there's going to be a disaster. I have yet to see the United Nations do anything effective with either Iran or North Korea.
I am, in fact, Superman. Every morning I wake up and go into a telephone booth and change my costume, and then go to work.
Like every American, I will never forget where I was on the morning of September 11, 2001. As a member of Congress from Indiana, that day my duties took me to Capitol Hill and to sights and sounds I will never forget.
Basically I wake up in the morning and I think everything's going to be great. I'm really kind of optimistic, and I look forward to a new day. I pick up 'The New York Times,' and I look at the front page and realize that once again I'm wrong. I start to fixate on stuff.
My father could be very strict, but very fair. His father was the same. We all respected my grandfather; he was the head of the clan. Every morning, we all had to say good morning and kiss his hand. But not me. I jumped on his lap and bit him.
Dear Chicago, when I wake up in the morning and see your skyline - the terra cotta of the Wrigley Building, the height of the Willis Tower, the shiny sides of my beloved Trump Tower - I know I'm home. I feel a certain energy walking between your spires, but recognize that what makes you special to me is that my roots are here.
I wake up in the morning and my mind starts making sentences, and I have to get rid of them fast - talk them or write them down.
Devon holds a special place in my heart. As a child, I normally went on holiday to Bantham and have lots of happy memories from my time there. I used to catch sand eels in the early morning and go fishing for bass throughout the day. I remember a gull taking my bait.
Before training, I eat slow-release energy food, such as porridge or muesli, especially in the morning. Afterwards, I eat protein so my muscles are able to recover, such as a protein bar followed by a meal of chicken and vegetables. I always stay hydrated during workouts by drinking plenty of water throughout.
For me, I've always found people who stand up and spritz themselves all over their clothes very odd. I'm a big bath addict, and I get up in the morning, and I have a big bath. But when I get out, and I'm still hot but fresh out of the bath, that's when I apply scent. I just have it on my bare skin; I never apply it to my clothes.
How like herrings and onions our vices are in the morning after we have committed them.
It seems to me that trying to live without friends is like milking a bear to get cream for your morning coffee. It is a whole lot of trouble, and then not worth much after you get it.
My aunt had a season ticket for the Friday afternoon concerts, and I would go down for lessons. My lessons were Saturday morning.
I lived at home and I cycled every morning to the railway station to travel by train to Johannesburg followed by a walk to the University, carrying sandwiches for my lunch and returning in the evening the same way.
The apex of my civic pride and personal contentment was reached on the bright September morning when I entered the public school.
How can a doctor judge a woman's sanity by merely bidding her good morning and refusing to hear her pleas for release? Even the sick ones know it is useless to say anything, for the answer will be that it is their imagination.
Nowadays, everybody assumes, when they wake up in the morning, if they have a question, it will get answered. Because they have the internet. No matter what the question is, someone will answer their question.
I never thought in a million years I'd be that healthy girl who wakes up every morning to exercise. After being called 'cherubic and chubby,' I'm rocking a bikini!
I sit down at my desk pretty early in the morning and write all day until about 4 or 5 p.m.
If I'm playing in the morning, I'll get some carbs early: porridge with chopped banana. If I'm playing in the afternoon, I'll start with less carbs and have some eggs and fruit for breakfast, then a light lunch about 90 minutes before I play, so I don't feel sluggish or full.
I mean, if you have to wake up in the morning to be validated by the editorial page of the New York Times, you got a pretty sorry existence.
I really am super lazy and doing long hair, especially mine, is a big pain in the butt. It's filled with cowlicks and kinks and curls and frizz - and it was taking too much time in the morning.
My poor vision gives me a soft-focus morning. For the first half hour, I kind of wander through my house, and everything is a blur. I put my contacts in when I'm ready to deal with the world.
It was not enough to come and listen to a great sermon or message every Sunday morning and be confined to those four walls and those four corners. You had to get out and do something.
I remember being at school during morning meeting and looking around at everybody, 350 kids, saying a prayer. We're all very young and no one knows what it means, and I remember feeling strange that people were just repeating words that they didn't understand. I refused to participate. For some reason I always rejected it, but respectfully.
In theory, people would pick progression every time over being idle. But if you look at us as a culture, as a people, you would say that if you get up at five o'clock in the morning, eat your breakfast, go to work, make money, pay your bills, you're progressing, when you're still doing what's comfortable.
When I was in the hospital they gave me apple juice every morning, even after I told them I didn't like it. I had to get even. One morning, I poured the apple juice into the specimen tube. The nurse held it up and said, 'It's a little cloudy.' I took the tube from her and said, 'Let me run it through again,' and drank it. The nurse fainted.
I love the smell of paper in the morning it smells like victory.
The first thing I do each morning is get out of bed and give my dog, Audrey, a hug. She's a Jack Russell. I think having an animal is a wonderful thing, particularly dogs. They are great levelers, there's no nonsense with them, and they just want simple affection.
I fall asleep feeling beautiful. Then, in the morning, before I leave the house, I say five things I love about myself, like 'You have really pretty eyes.' That way I can go out into the world with that little bit of extra confidence. It's a feel-good protein shake in my back pocket in case someone messes with me that day.
You know that feeling when you wake up in the morning and you're excited for the day? That's one of my main goals in life.
Mobile is a seaport town, and we ate a lot of seafood. We'd go fishing, we'd catch our fish and we'd eat our fish. It was a ritual on Saturday morning for all my family - my grandfather, my brothers, my uncles, my father - to go fishing, and then the ladies of the family would clean the fish and fry them up.
I remember there were days when - and this is kind of gross - I would sleep in my uniform to save time in the morning and then get up and go to school... it didn't matter because I didn't have to impress anyone, and I didn't have to look cute in class.
I write for a radio show that, no matter what, will go on the air Saturday at five o'clock central time. You learn to write toward that deadline, to let the adrenaline pick you up on Friday morning and carry you through, to cook up a monologue about Lake Wobegon and get to the theater on time.
I got put out of my church choir because my pastor said, 'We can't have baby sister singing the blues and coming in here and singing on Sunday morning.'
People get this very romantic vision of a fashion designer who in one night makes 25 sketches and in the morning throws them on the table and there are a lot of women in white aprons with the pins on the lapel and they start to grab the sketches and... It's not like that.
We are ever on the threshold of new journeys and new discoveries. Can you imagine the excitement of the Wright brothers on the morning of that first flight? The anticipation of Jonas Salk as he analyzed the data that demonstrated a way to prevent polio?
My healthiest habit is eating a healthy breakfast every morning. I never miss breakfast. As a busy mom, there will be days when I'm cruisin' along and I'll look at the clock and I haven't eaten lunch. And I'll run downstairs, and I'll start shovelin' stuff down the pie hole, and I'll think, 'That was no lunch at all.'
I keep my perfume in the fridge. If someone sees me in the morning pushing aside the eggs to grab my perfume, it might look a little odd, but it's so refreshing to spray cold fragrance on your skin.
I like to be with my children - not just quality time, but quantity time. I like to be there in the morning when they're waking up. I like to practice piano with them. I like to be there at supper. I need them as much as they need me. Working is not as important to me as being a mother is.
From early morning to late at night, it's such an interesting life, and I'm healthy and free, and that's not so easy with a family.
Just because so many conforming kids wake up every morning asking, 'What is everybody else going to wear today?' doesn't mean that they don't wish it were different. Peer pressure is just that: pressure.
One of my earliest recollections is being woken up at some ungodly hour in the morning by my parents and sat in front of the fairly new black and white television, watching a grainy image of a man in a white suit climbing down a ladder. It was the first moon landing, and I became a sort of spaceman, as many kids were.
I don't walk into the lab in the morning thinking, 'I am a woman, and I will carry out an experiment that will conquer the world.' I am a scientist, not male or female. A scientist.
Half of the days in 2014, I had to confine my daughter to my home like a prisoner because the air quality in Beijing was so poor. One morning, I saw my daughter banging on the window... The day will come when she asks me, 'Why do you keep me here? What is going to hurt me when I go outside?'
There is something about the melody of 'Thunder Road' that just suggests 'new day.' It suggests morning it suggests something opening up.
You don't wake up one morning and say, 'Today is going to be a comedy day.' And the next day, 'Today's going to be a drama day.' Things happen in life that are fun and light, and things happen that are heavier. You just have to move your way through life, and I think 'BoJack' is a good reflection of that.
When I have supped too heavily of an evening, I drink in the morning a large number of cups of coffee, and that as hot as I can drink it, so that the sweat breaks out on me, and if by so doing I can't restore my body, a whole apothecary's shop couldn't do much, and that is the only thing I have done for years when I have felt a fever.
Sometimes, getting up in the morning and brushing your teeth is the hardest part of the day - it all just hurts.
Each morning my characters greet me with misty faces willing, though chilled, to muster for another day's progress through the dazzling quicksand the marsh of blank paper.
Let me tell you, sisters, seeing dried egg on a plate in the morning is a lot dirtier than anything I've had to deal with in politics.
It was morning; through the high window I saw the pure, bright blue of the sky as it hovered cheerfully over the long roofs of the neighboring houses. It too seemed full of joy, as if it had special plans, and had put on its finest clothes for the occasion.
Stood off and on during the night, determining not to come to anchor till morning, fearing to meet with shoals; continued our course in the morning; and as the island was found to be six or seven leagues distant, and the tide was against us, it was noon when we arrived there.
One morning, about four o'clock, I was driving my car just about as fast as I could. I thought, Why am I out this time of night? I was miserable, and it came to me: I'm falling in love with somebody I have no right to fall in love with.
The school-boy doesn't force himself to learn his vocabularies and rules altogether at night, but knows that be must impress them again in the morning.
In the last year my wife has noticed me struggling to get downstairs on a Sunday morning. I've two young children and football has been so good to me over the years I don't want to spoil it.
I can't stop being in parades. I just love dancing on floats that move really slowly on the city streets in the early morning.
I will check the internet for at least an hour every morning scanning worldwide news to do with child abuse. So if you're constantly putting yourself in an environment where you're checking up on social economics or homelessness problems, if you keep yourself aware of it, you don't really have a day off.
I think it's probably best to work out in the morning to get it out of the way. My ultimate top tip is to drag yourself, even if you have to roll yourself out of your bed and in to a sit-up - it's really not that bad once you start.
Couldn't start the morning without caffeine.
I go jogging for 25 minutes every morning, even if I'm away from home.
I'm not a guy who needs to drink coffee or anything to get myself going in the morning. I wake up, and I'm full of energy.
I love the routine. I love getting up in the morning and getting breakfast and packing lunches and doing the school run. Those things are really important to me. Because I think that those small but key moments are crucial for a kid.
In the morning, before I leave the house, I say five things I love about myself, like 'You have really pretty eyes.' That way I can go out into the world with that little bit of extra confidence.
In the morning, I use a Philosophy cleanser and Olay Regenerist Daily 3 Point Treatment Cream, which sinks in well and feels firming. I rarely wear foundation, so cotton wool soaked in warm water is often enough to cleanse at night, but I take off eye make-up with Klorane's cornflower-infused remover.
I am a dichotomy of tastes. I'm big on water, and I do a protein drink in the morning, but then I eat off the kids' menu after that. So, there's only like six foods I like. I like quesadillas. I like hamburgers. I like sushi. I like pizza, PB&J, or breakfast any time of the day.
I love waking up to Sunday morning pancakes. The whole process of making them, just out in the kitchen together making pancakes on a Sunday morning; that's an experience every girl should have.
My father played five years for Valence in France's second division. I'd always cry when he would leave for training. Every morning, I'd say, 'Dad, take me with you. Please, please take me with you!'
I have this fantasy of my older days, painting or sculpting or making things. I have this fantasy of a bike trip to Chile. I have this fantasy of flying into Morocco. But right now, it's about getting the work done and getting home to family. I have an adventure every morning, getting up.
I have oatmeal every morning with whole milk, bananas, and cinnamon, and it's just the best thing ever.
I'm afraid of only two things: being lazy and being cowardly. I get up early in the morning and go to work. I love to write.
I wake up every morning, and I go to ballet class no matter what's going on the night before. That's my priority, and that's what makes me feel sane and not removed from the realities of my world.
I wake up every morning at nine and grab for the morning paper. Then I look at the obituary page. If my name is not on it, I get up.
I feel sorry for people who don't drink. When they wake up in the morning, that's as good as they're going to feel all day.
I wake up in the morning and my heart is light, man. It's not heavy. I don't have skeletons in the closet on their way out.
Acting is invigorating. But I don't analyse it too much. It's like a dog smelling where it's going to do its toilet in the morning.
You lie awake at 3 in the morning thinking of story ideas. You're online at 8 a.m. on a Sunday or midnight on a Wednesday. It's a job that you never push aside.
When you wake up each morning, you can choose to be happy or choose to be sad. Unless some terrible catastrophe has occurred the night before, it is pretty much up to you. Tomorrow morning, when the sun shines through your window, choose to make it a happy day.
Ever since the morning of May 29, 1953, when Tenzing Norgay and I became the first climbers to step onto the summit of Mount Everest, I've been called a great adventurer.
Cardio is a nice way to start the morning, man. Whether you sit on the bike for half an hour or throw on two jumpers and just sweat, it's good to get up, get the body active, put on your headphones, and just pedal away.
There is only one thing that a man really wants to do, all his life; and that is, to find his way to his , his Morning Star, salute his fellow man, and enjoy the woman who has come the long way with him.
But to the slave mother New Year's day comes laden with peculiar sorrows. She sits on her cold cabin floor, watching the children who may all be torn from her the next morning; and often does she wish that she and they might die before the day dawns.
I look in the mirror every morning, okay. What is going on here? You know, I just say, 'Look, it's sheer insanity.'
Do I believe in arbitration? I do. But not in arbitration between the lion and the lamb, in which the lamb is in the morning found inside the lion.
I remember seeing a movie with Jose Ferrer and Rosemary Clooney where they were husband and wife, and they got in bed, and he had on polka-dot pajamas and she had on striped pajamas, and when they got up the next morning he had on the striped pajamas and she had the polka dot pajamas, and that was considered racy at that time!
Every day, I wake up and say, 'Good Morning, Jesus.'
 is on my side, and that's all I need. I get up in the morning, I pray to . I don't pray to the president, the governor, the mayor, no black caucus, no this and that. I pray to , and that's the end of it.
I get up at 7:30 and work four hours a day. Nine to twelve in the morning, five to six in the evening. Businessmen would achieve better results if they studied human metabolism. No one works well eight hours a day. No one ought to work more than four hours.
With my book 'How to Remodel a Man,' I was on Oprah, Fox News, the Early Show, and Good Morning America. Oprah was the best - an hour long segment. TV is so short; you answer a few questions, and then it's over. It feels like a hit-and-run with a camera.
I am so excited this year getting to play the 85th Anniversary Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade. Everyone knows on Thanksgiving morning to get up, turn on the TV and watch the parade, so to be an actual participant is going to be fun and I'm looking forward to it. I am gonna have to put on my deer hunting gear, though, to stay warm!
For me the greatest revenge of all is having a happy adulthood, waking up in my gorgeous turquoise bedroom in the morning beside a person who really inspires me. That's the best revenge a girl-loving girl from the Bible belt could possibly have. And, importantly, it's healthy.
What is news? It's hard to quantify. Certainly news has changed completely, and the morning shows are not really designed to bring you the news, except to tell you what happened overnight, and the rest of it is a kind of magazine mentality - a little bit of this, a little bit of that. It's harder to be an educated and informed citizen.
I wake up some mornings and sit and have my coffee and look out at my beautiful garden, and I go, 'Remember how good this is. Because you can lose it.'
To simply wake up every morning a better person than when I went to bed.
Sometimes, I sit down to sketch at the unearthly hour of 3 in the morning!
People feel repressed by their own governments; they feel unfairly treated by the outside world; they wake up in the morning, and who do they see - they see people being shot and killed: all Muslims from Afghanistan, Iraq, Somalia, Sudan, Darfur.
I myself spent nine years in an insane asylum and I never had the obsession of suicide, but I know that each conversation with a psychiatrist, every morning at the time of his visit, made me want to hang myself, realizing that I would not be able to cut his throat.
I was a government employee in the morning and a writer in the evening.
My ideal is to wake up in the morning and run around the meadow naked.
There's pros and cons of a big church. Cons is I don't get to know everybody, I don't get to go to their ballgame, I don't get to marry everybody, but the pros are you get all this community, 800 ushers come in to serve, getting there at 7 in the morning on their day off and coming in on Saturday to make all those wafers.
This morning's scene is good and fine, Long rain has not harmed the land.
Leadership is an intense journey into yourself. You can use your own style to get anything done. It's about being self-aware. Every morning, I look in the mirror and say, 'I could have done three things better yesterday.'
We could hardly wait to get up in the morning.
Pretension is a poor joke that you play on yourself. Snap out of it. Recognise your strengths, work on your weaknesses. Real achievement is liking what you see in the mirror every morning.
Like normal people, leftists now have to get up in the morning and earn a living, seeing as the fascists have come down so hard on social welfare fraud, and this is the cruel reality. The good old days are gone, and increasingly, leftists are to be found working in ordinary, proper jobs.
I really like to have a moment alone at the house, either in the morning or when I come home from work, when I can just zone out at my computer, relax, stare out the window, get into a 'Game of Thrones' episode, go up on my roof, whatever, then go out to dinner.
The repose of sleep refreshes only the body. It rarely sets the soul at rest. The repose of the night does not belong to us. It is not the possession of our being. Sleep opens within us an inn for phantoms. In the morning we must sweep out the shadows.
My weakness, that is, my quadriplegia, is my greatest asset because it forces me into the arms of Christ every single morning when I get up.
I remember lying on the floor of my room, staring at a black-and-white television for most of the '80s - watching 'Diff'rent Strokes,' 'Facts of Life,' 'Silver Spoons,' Saturday morning cartoons, and 'Murder, She Wrote' while eating an insane amount of Stouffer's French bread pizza. I was sucked into it all.
I love the water. Everything about it. Smelling the humidity in the air, seeing the mist rise in the morning, feeling the dew-wet grass on my bare feet. I love watching the fish jump and the geese land. We even have an eagle here that circles every so often.
I love Starbucks. Maybe that's a bit sad. But I definitely need my caffeine. It's what gets me out of bed in the morning.
You pray for things and accept the blessings when they come, you know? And it is about how you talk to yourself and what you say morning, noon and night about what you want to happen in your life. Some folks call that creative visualization. Other people call it prayer. But it is about that message that you send out there to yourself.
If we were to wake up some morning and find that everyone was the same race, creed and color, we would find some other causes for prejudice by noon.
She got the magazine on a Wednesday morning, and on Thursday announced our marriage was over.
Then there is a still higher type of courage - the courage to brave pain, to live with it, to never let others know of it and to still find joy in life; to wake up in the morning with an enthusiasm for the day ahead.
Just in terms of allocation of time resources, religion is not very efficient. There's a lot more I could be doing on a Sunday morning.
I drink a bucket of white tea in the morning. I read about this tea of the Emperor of China, which is supposedly the tea of eternal youth. It's called Silver Needle. It's unbelievably expensive, but I get it on the Web.
I had a very simple life growing up in the farm country outside of Perugia, and biscotti and warm milk with a tiny bit of coffee were a big part of my morning ritual before walking to school.
I'm a big believer in creating family traditions. Every Tuesday morning, I make a proper eggs breakfast, and we all sit down and eat.
We went to a small lake, Bass Lake. It was beautiful. It was perfectly still when we got there in the morning. The fog was lifting off the water. It was just magical. And we did catch some fish, 13 fish.
I never laugh or smile when I am writing. When I come home for lunch after writing all morning, my wife says I look like I just came home from a funeral. This is not bragging. This is an illness.
Sunday morning church service is not an enormous priority spending time with other believers is.
I learned to love myself, because I sleep with myself every night and I wake up with myself every morning, and if I don't like myself, there's no reason to even live the life.
This morning I lay in the bathtub thinking how wonderful it would be if I had a dog like Rin Tin Tin. I'd call him Rin Tin Tin too, and I'd take him to school with me, where he could stay in the janitor's room or by the bicycle racks when the weather was good.
A household can never appear prosperous without a cow. How auspicious it is to wake up in the morning to the mooing of your own cow!
I love KIND bars. My favorites are coconut and almond and the dark chocolate and sea salt because staying fueled helps keep me from getting sick or injured. Bananas have also made a great comeback in my life. My kids eat them all the time on the go, which has inspired my go-to pre-run morning meal of peanut butter and banana on toast.
In the morning, we sliced all the vegetables and layered everything up in a pot with a glass of Riesling. On the way to church, we dropped it off with the baker, who sealed the lid with a strip of dough and put it in his oven for a couple of hours. We picked it up at 12 o'clock and took it home to eat with mustard and salad.
Every morning I get up and look through the Forbes list of the richest people in America. If I'm not there, I go to work.
The happiest part of a man's life is what he passes lying awake in bed in the morning.
'The Panorama' is also the last place anywhere in New York where the World Trade Center still stands, whole, as it stood in the early morning of September 11. I can also see the corner where I saw the first tower fall and howled out loud. Seeing the buildings again here is uplifting, healing.
I used to sleep on the floor next to the bed, because I believed that I didn't even deserve a bed to sleep in. And then, one morning, a cockroach crawled onto my leg. I looked at it, and suddenly I awoke from a kind of hypnotic trance in which I had been all my life.
Nixon was so crooked that he needed servants to help him screw his pants on every morning.
In 1977, when I became Speaker, I started meeting with TV reporters each morning when I arrived at work. Later in the morning, I would hold a news conference before the House opened. I always told the truth and almost never answered with 'no comment.'
My formula for living is quite simple. I get up in the morning and I go to bed at night. In between, I occupy myself as best I can.
Somebody said to me this morning, 'To what do you attribute your longevity?' I don't know. I mean, I couldn't have planned my life out better. By all accounts I should be dead! The abuse I put my body through: the drugs, the alcohol, the lifestyle I've lived the last 30 years!
You always say 'I'll quit when I start to slide', and then one morning you wake up and realize you've done slid.
I spend my happiest hours in reading Vedantic books. They are to me like the light of the morning, like the pure air of the mountains - so simple, so true, if once understood.
I think it's been hard for people to understand how Islam can be a good religion, and yet the Islamists are evil. Those of us who have had experience with Islam understand this, just as we understand the difference between snake handlers and people going to church on Sunday morning.
Every year, August lashes out in volcanic fury, rising with the din of morning traffic, its great metallic wings smashing against the ground, heating the air with ever-increasing intensity.
Bagel in the morning is the ultimate breakfast for me they're just good.
Almost every morning I write in my journal. I've been keeping it for a long time - I've filled more than 50 books. I write about what's going on in my personal and spiritual life or what's going on at work. It helps me keep things in perspective, especially when things get crazy or I get stressed or we have obstacles.
There is no such thing in the world as luck. There never was a man who could go out in the morning and find a purse full of gold in the street to-day, and another to-morrow, and so on, day after day: He may do so once in his life; but so far as mere luck is concerned, he is as liable to lose it as to find it.
I had a dream that my dad passed away and that Jesus came into the room and he was basically knocking on my door, saying, 'Hey, you need to find out more about me.' So that Sunday morning I ended up going to church, and that's when I got saved.
I did not want windows, only skylights. I chose my painting wall as it has the best morning light.
I'm not an early bird at all. Ideally, on Saturday morning I'd allow myself a lovely lie-in. 10:45 would be just right.
Fighting for one's freedom, struggling towards being free, is like struggling to be a poet or a good Christian or a good Jew or a good Muslim or good Zen Buddhist. You work all day long and achieve some kind of level of success by nightfall, go to sleep and wake up the next morning with the job still to be done. So you start all over again.
A lot of vets like 'Good Morning Vietnam' - I get great letters from guys.
I don't have a trainer. I have what I call 'the poor man's workout and the rich man's diet.' I run for 1 hour every day and do 500 sit-ups and 1000 crunches, and I lift weights at the Y for 28 bucks a month, even if it's 3 in the morning.
There's something to be said for writing in the morning. At other points in the day, you're a bit more defensive.
Early in the morning, it's super tough for me to eat right away, but I still need energy for practice. I try to start out with a protein smoothie, a green juice, or some sort of fruit.
I don't wake up in the morning and say, 'Jeez, I feel great today. I think I'll write a song.' I mean, anything is more interesting to me than writing a song. It's like, 'I think I'd like to write a song... No, I guess I better go feed the cat first.' You know what I mean? It's like pulling teeth. I don't enjoy it a bit.
Having to wake up at seven and go take the subway every morning, having to get over there with all these commuters and see every possible face of humanity and realizing that you're just the same as these other people is actually an amazingly positive thing.
We wouldn't think of rising in the morning without a face-wash, but we often neglect that purgative cleansing of the Word of the Lord. It wakes us up to our responsibility.
I won't speak for the entertainment industry. I speak for Disney. I've seen people in the industry come to work every morning paranoid about what the other person or other company is doing. That means you're spending time and focus on somebody else's business instead of your own.
I think about baseball when I wake up in the morning. I think about it all day and I dream about it at night. The only time I don't think about it is when I'm playing it.
To be intimate with a married man, when my own father cheated on my mother, is not something I could forgive. I could not look at myself in the morning if I did that. I wouldn't be attracted to a man who would cheat on his wife.
I get up in the morning, have a job to do, go there, come home, be with the family, that's it.
There are times when you see how ridiculous is this life, how ludicrous it is, you know, leaving your house every morning and being followed by paparazzi.
What's problematic about playing stadiums and driving around in private jets and drinking champagne at 8 o'clock in the morning? What's wrong with that? I haven't got a problem with that. I can't fathom why people would.
Thank  every morning when you get up that you have something to do that day, which must be done, whether you like it or not.
I have retired, but if there's anything that would kill me it is to wake up in the morning not knowing what to do.
A real New Yorker likes the sound of a garbage truck in the morning.
I'm going to the gym six days a week. I'm eating right. Well-balanced diet. I drink a juice smoothie every morning.
I had a dream of music and art and the big city in which I would get lost, where no one would know me and I wouldn't know anyone, where I would work at some ordinary job, and if one day I got up in the morning and decided I wasn't going to go to work anymore, no one would ask questions.
We have to choose every day to be active participants. To wake up in the morning and choose this life and make something of it is an incredible thing. Not many living creatures have that option. We have so many opportunities and options - it's a huge burden, but it's also the most freeing part of our lives.
In the morning a man walks with his whole body; in the evening, only with his legs.
It is not time for mirth and laughter, the cold, gray dawn of the morning after.
I love the smell of juice boxes in the morning.
About four days a week, I do pretty good at having a morning prayer time. But even at that, it's a rambling sort of thing. What I have learned to do better is to try to keep my mind turned toward  and ear inclined toward  throughout the day, and I think I'm doing better at that, but I've got a long way to go.
No man knows till he has suffered from the night how sweet and dear to his heart and eye the morning can be.
People often say to me, 'I don't know anything about dance.' I say, 'Stop. You got up this morning, and you're walking. You are an expert.'
Above all, this country is our own. Nobody has to get up in the morning and worry what his neighbors think of him. Being a Jew is no problem here.
I like to wake up each morning feeling a new man.
Always get married in the morning. That way if it doesn't work out, you haven't wasted the whole day.
My mother had morning sickness after I was born.
Homey don't quit. What else are you gonna do? It's like those guys in the cartoon they get up in the morning, check the clock and fight all day and after it's over they check the clock and go home. That's how it goes.
Early One Morning takes time and, I mean, all things like that I felt were very important.
I woke up this morning, and I still don't believe I won the Daytona 500.
Do you know how many calories are in butter and cheese and ice cream? Would you get your dog up in the morning for a cup of coffee and a donut?
Another very strong image from the first day was giving my initial press conference in the morning - going down and finding out that everything I had said, the essence of what I had said, was wrong.
I had a friend whose family had dinner together. The mother would tuck you in at night and make breakfast in the morning. They even had a spare bike for a friend. It just seemed so amazing to me.
We were doing it under the most extraordinary circumstances, but the first out of the tent in the morning would be David Lean. He said to me on the very first day of shooting, Pete, this is the beginning of a great adventure.
When a man has been consistently battering his wife, he shouldn't expect a bouquet of roses from her the morning after he promises to stop.
Looking in the mirror to check if my tie is straight is a waste of my time. I only look in the mirror once a day, and that's in the morning when I shave.
I just motor through school in the morning and then go skating.
The result was that, if it happened to clear off after a cloudy evening, I frequently arose from my bed at any hour of the night or morning and walked two miles to the observatory to make some observation included in the programme.
My wife gets all the money I make. I just get an apple and clean clothes every morning.
I'd hate to be a teetotaler. Imagine getting up in the morning and knowing that's as good as you're going to feel all day.
I wake up every morning and I wish I were dead, and so does Jim.
The boy who expects every morning to open into a new world finds that today is like yesterday, but he believes tomorrow will be different.
I've been keeping a diary for thirty-three years and write in it every morning. Most of it's just whining, but every so often there'll be something I can use later: a joke, a description, a quote. It's an invaluable aid when it comes to winning arguments. 'That's not what you said on February 3, 1996,' I'll say to someone.
When I wake up on a Monday morning and I realise I don't have to go and work at the civil service, I really think I've won.
I wake up every morning singing 'The Star-Spangled Banner.'
Nothing is better than waking up in the morning and being excited to go into work.
My salary situation at 'Morning Joe' wasn't right. I made five attempts to fix it, then realized I'd made the same mistake every time: I apologised for asking.
The first thing I think about when I wake up most mornings is the fact that I'm tired. I have been tired for decades. I am tired in the morning and I am tired while becalmed in the slough of the afternoon, and I am tired in the evening, except right when I try to go to sleep.
It takes more than driving to become an IndyCar driver. Gone are the days when drivers show up Friday morning and go home Sunday night. We're all integral to our partnerships, commercially, motorsports. We're as much champions in the boardroom as we are on the racetrack.
I put on lip balm first thing in the morning and always use it before I swipe on my red lipstick.
At the end of the day, I don't need to work, and I think it's good that I have the drive and willpower to get up and do something in the morning even though I don't need to.
I don't feel I fit in with morning television because I'm like a vampire and I like to stay up late.
'FlashForward' was on the outs when I was approached with 'Happy Endings.' I literally got the script on a Friday, and on Saturday morning I met with David Caspe, Jamie Tarses, and the Russo brothers. I took the role on that Saturday, and on Monday I was doing a table read. It all happened very fast, but it was super exciting.
When I go outside in the morning for coffee, I'm not going to spend forty-five minutes getting ready. I just don't care.
Let's be honest: the trappings of investment banking are quite tempting. I do miss it sometimes. And to be honest, there was a time I'd read the 'WSJ' in the morning, and for years I have done that.
What happens is that, you know, on Mondays, at least in the Senate, you know, Monday night we'd have what you'd call a bed-check vote. Just to get, you know, the machinery of the Senate up and running so they can start the committee process; on Tuesday morning, things go. By Thursday, you know, jet fumes, the smell of jet fumes.
When I was a kid, 'Land of the Lost' was my favorite show, just because it was - in the landscape of Saturday morning cartoons - it was so unique. It was a live-action show and kids were in it, these creatures, these Sleestaks and dinosaurs. Every week was a different adventure. I couldn't wait. I loved it so much.
When you're not a mom, you can get up in the middle of the night, paint, sleep all morning... you can't do that when you have two children!
I eat breakfast pretty much 'round the clock - muffins in the morning, scones for lunch, cereal at night - which may be odd but is also oddly satisfying, if only because the choice is my own.
You don't know what a rough crowd is. If all I have to do is go make people laugh, that's nothing. Let me tell you what a tough crowd is. A tough crowd is going to a morning service and you got six people there and you gotta pat your house payment. That's a tough crowd.
I cannot always write at the same time, in the same place. I work, travel and have a vigorous family life. If I'm stranded in an airport lobby - I write. If I have to wait in a doctor's office - I write. If I have a morning or evening to myself - I write.
I wake up in the morning and I think about one brand. I don't have enough time to wake up twice and think about two.
I have a lot of energy after 2 A.M. I like to sleep in the morning. I have some problems at the start of the day.
I try to meditate every morning. It relaxes me, clears my mind, and sets my day off on the right foot before things get too manic.
I think if I heard someone else talking about their life, describing all the problems I've had, they'd look like they were through. Done. But there's something about me - I'm smiling. Those things are really not bad enough to put me in a slump. I'm smiling with the opportunity to wake up every morning.
I'm definitely a morning person. I wake up dead happy, looking forward to having my cereal!
My morning begins with trying not to get up before the sun rises. But when I do, it's because my head is too full of words, and I just need to get to my desk and start dumping them into a file. I always wake with sentences pouring into my head.
It's very important to write things down instantly, or you can lose the way you were thinking out a line. I have a rule that if I wake up at 3 in the morning and think of something, I write it down.
I juice a lot; I get as much protein as I can, because being a vegan, there isn't much protein. But that's pretty much it. I just drink lots of water, too. I'll have a protein shake as well every morning.
I love perfumes. Every morning when my girlfriend and I come down to the courtyard in our block of flats we're assailed by the most delicious scent - jasmine round a doorway. It almost makes me swoon.
As a kid in Africa, you were so connected to nature itself because you went farming, watched the moon out at night, observed how the sky was different, and how the birds chanted different songs in the evening and the morning.
Every morning I tell myself, 'Today has to be productive' - and then something happens that prevents me from writing.
I do the 'New York Times' crossword puzzle every morning to keep the old grey matter ticking.
Each morning, you dress to become a different woman. Fashion helps.
I'm active even on bad days; it's tough to pin me down. People ask me if I'm a morning or night person. I'm an all-the-time person. I like drinking coffee, but I do it with lots of milk because my energy levels are high even without caffeine. You could call me Obelix, except I don't have a belly.
I like to remind myself that every morning I'm making a choice to live.
The Marines are like my West Highland Terrier. They get up every morning, they want to dig a hole, and they want to kill something.
I don't really measure success by anything other than if I am happy. That is success to me. Am I happy waking up every morning? And despite the challenges of running my own business, do I look forward to going to work? Absolutely.
I really woke up one morning and said, you know, 'I haven't seen a good film about the American Revolution. And all the ones I have seen haven't been successful, but I'm going to make a successful one.' Well, I wasn't able to do that.
I'm at the stage in my pregnancy where I don't feel pregnant. You feel very, 'Oh yeah, I'm pregnant,' because you're over the morning sickness and it's not too uncomfortable. It's fun.
Eating-wise, I'm fairly disciplined. I have to be, because if you're not eating correctly, you're not giving your body the fuel it needs. So, I stay away from carbs after the morning, and I eat a lot of protein - fish, chicken, and no red meat.
As a kid, I was just led out in the morning to go spend my day with my friends and just run in the woods. And I'd only come home to eat or when I was thirsty.
Football ruled my life for years, morning, noon and night.
I think the private sector for the most part, the vast majority of employers in America, they wake up in the morning, and they have a bottom line. This is how much they make, this is how much their expenses are; they certainly need to break even just to stay in business, and they need to make a profit in order to survive long-term.
When they told me I had cancer - a very rare form called appendiceal cancer - I was shocked. But I went straight into battle mode. Every morning, I'd wake up and have an internal conversation with cancer. 'All right, dude,' I'd tell it, 'go ahead and hit me. But I'm going to hit you back even harder.'
Declining to go to church with my parents in the morning, I would ostentatiously set out for the Monist Society in the afternoon, down an obscure street which it seemed a little improper to be walking on, as everything was closed for Sunday, upstairs through a sort of side entrance over a saloon.
I'm a very spontaneous person. If someone aggravates me, I'm going to go after them. I wake up every morning, and I say, 'What bad guys should I go after today?'
I write every day. I don't have a writing schedule. I write when I feel like it. Fortunately, I feel like it all the time. I am writing for hours. I do like to write in the morning. I start after breakfast, like 9 o'clock, and I'll write till lunch, about 1. And after lunch, I just have fun.
I drink coffee in the morning and a few cups throughout the day. Among coffee's health benefits are lower risk of Parkinson's, Type 2 diabetes, heart disease and dementia.
I have a room dedicated to music and recording. I go there first thing in the morning and just before I go to bed. And it has a window to my street, so I can watch all the crazies walking by.
I do what I do merrily out of curiosity because I want to know how the brain works. That will get me up early in the morning and keep me going all day long.
I tweet early in the morning when I wake up or late at night just to let you know that I have a show or what's on my mind, and that's it. I hate Snapchat and all of that. It's making kids so stupid.
It's much better to wreak havoc on a show and be a maniac than promote myself. Plugs and anecdotes aren't really in line with my beliefs. Besides, if someone sees me on a morning show and thinks, 'That's not funny; this guy is crazy,' then I don't want them to come to the show anyway.
I don't get up in the morning and think my mission is to end Britain. I do get up in the morning and think that my mission is to end poverty.
From morning when I wake up until I go to sleep, I am working. I go to bed and I want to switch off, but the brain doesn't switch off.
In the morning, my alarm clock is a chorus of lemurs yelling!
I think people have to sharpen their eyes and look. I always feel like a big sponge: I feel like I learn lots of things by osmosis, and I feel that I'm always absorbing. I mean, when people say, 'What is your inspiration?' I could throw up. I mean, I'm inspired by the fact I get up in the morning. And I'm still here.
I have a word quota I try to fulfill every day, and I try to do that in the morning and into the afternoon and then go out with friends at night. I love singing and have lessons and enjoy drama, and so I am involved in that.
I like to exercise in the morning before work. It puts me in a good mood, which makes my coworkers happy, and jump-starts my brain, which makes me happy.
I love waking up in the morning. It makes me feel really excited.
Inspiration can come from anywhere, and a lot of the time, it depends on how you feel when you get up in the morning.
Quite often, while I'm getting up in the morning, I think my warranty is running out on these body parts because it's not working quite the way it used to.
I do not ask for the riches that perish or the fame that fades away like a morning mist.
My parents were great at making sure I got out of bed when I needed to play football on a Sunday morning and that I was ready after school to go to training on a Tuesday and Thursday. But it was never forced upon me or rammed down my throat. If it had been, I could have ended up hating sport.
Every morning, I wake up and make the most nutrient-dense green smoothie I can.
I grew up in Portugal, and people there party 'til 7 or 8 in the morning there.
A Sunday morning spent reading the paper together, maybe drinking some mimosas, alone, and talking until noon. That would be pretty amazing. Married couples with kids will understand.
I don't need an alarm clock to wake up in the morning. Akshay snores so loudly that I'm usually awake the entire night!
I love morning television because it's the most vulnerable time of day, when you are at your rawest, and if I have the ability to make viewers smile, that's a gift from .
Even though I hated doing farming and wanted to just get out of the village, I would work from 5 in the morning till 5 in the evening.
I know that I need my coffee in the morning, and I don't want to talk to anybody at the start of my day!
With my book 'How to Remodel a Man,' I was on 'Oprah,' 'Fox News,' 'The Early Show,' and 'Good Morning America.' 'Oprah' was the best - an hour long segment. TV is so short, you answer a few questions, and then it's over. It feels like a hit-and-run with a camera.
I breakfast when I get up, lunch when I get the chance. If I never get it, I forget it. Sometimes I dine at seven, sometimes at midnight, sometimes not at all; and I never get to bed until four or five in the morning. Everything depends on the news; the hours make no difference to me.
It's a job. I entertain my readers. I get up in the morning, and I start typing.
I like to eat yogurt in the morning. It's easy and quick and available anywhere.
Make sure you never, never argue at night. You just lose a good night's sleep, and you can't settle anything until morning anyway.
The results of this survey are shocking and should be a wake-up call to men and women that drinking and smoking too much not only gives you a bad headache in the morning but can affect your ability to start a family.
When I wrote the song, I had the sea near Bombay in mind. We stayed at a hotel by the sea, and the fishermen come up at five in the morning and they were all chanting. And we went on the beach and we got chased by a mad dog - big as a donkey.
But I try to steal other moments. Sometimes I get up very early in the morning and enjoy a quiet house and cup of tea before the craziness begins. Other times, I'll take a quick walk on the beach. You can find peace in a few minutes.
I don't want to clip on the armour every morning. I've seen some politicians do this and they get a bit mangled and bitter. I just refuse to do that. I refuse to be angry or bitter or complain, and I remain open. I may sometimes be a bit too open but I'm not going to change that one bit.
Most songs have meager beginnings. You wake up in the morning, you throw on your suspenders, and you subvocalize and just think. They seem to form like calcium. I can't think of a story right off the bat that was that interesting. I write things on the back of my hand, usually, and sing into a tape recorder.
When I first broke through, there was only NBC, CBS and ABC, and they had news in the morning and in the evening - there wasn't no 24-hour news.
I start off my morning with an Acai berry smoothie. I blend the Acai berries with kefir, blueberries, protein powder and peanut butter. I like this first thing in the morning because it's light on my stomach.
I always was an early-morning or late-night writer. Early morning was my favorite; late night was because you had a deadline. And at four in the morning, you make up some of your most absurd jokes.
Money is a good thing, but every morning you have to get up with something no one else in the world gets up with - that's that image. That face you see in the mirror, you got to love it, and you better do some things that you feel good about inside of you. Of course, money is going to come, but make certain that you do some good with it.
I'm a humanist. I always believed, even with Cirque du Soliel, that this is my way to contribute to a better world. I believe I'm very privileged, but many people face the reality when they wake up in the morning of not having food or a glass of water. Life's been good to me, and I believe you have to feed the circle of life.
I feel like going to class every morning is so humbling. You're always working to improve, and you're always being critiqued on your next performance. It's not about what you've done. There's always room to grow.
Believe it or not, I say my prayers in the morning and in the evening.
I wake up in the morning with a list of problems, and I go solve them.
At the risk of sounding pedestrian, I'll be completely honest: the first thing I do in the morning is check Google News, partially because it seems sort of random and unbiased and partially because I tend to stay in hotels that don't necessarily have the fastest Internet connections.
I'm doing everything in my power to be a great mother. I wish I could be with her throughout the day, because I'm always working, but I make sure that whether it's the morning or nighttime, I make it extra special.
I haven't any formal schedule, but I love to write in the morning, before breakfast. Sometimes the writing goes so smoothly that I don't take a break for many hours - and consequently have breakfast at two or three in the afternoon on good days.
I guess I was the class clown - with a name like Albert Einstein, you don't hide in the back. I'd read the school bulletin to the class, and I'd add activities and make stuff up. It was good, a good 10 minutes every morning.
Keri Russell is one of the prettiest girls I've ever seen in my life. She's one of those girls that doesn't have that thing when you walk into the trailer in the morning, and your face is all bashed in - like a lot of actors, even the beautiful and handsome ones.
I'm a really heavy sleeper. When I wake up I'm a terrible morning person.
Being in ballet class, being on the stage, being surrounded by my peers at American Ballet Theater every day, keeps me so humble and grounded. Being in ballet class, I feel, is like this meditation for me every morning.
If you ask people where they go when they really need to get work done, very few will respond 'the office.' If they do say the office, they'll include a qualifier such as 'super-early in the morning before anyone gets in,' or 'I stay late at night after everyone's left,' or 'I sneak in on the weekend.'
I have a vanilla chai latte every morning, which I usually follow with an oatmeal raisin cookie and eggs for breakfast.
I thought it must be desperate to be old. To wake up in the morning and remember that you were ancient - and so behave that way. I thought old people were full of aches and pains and horrible illnesses.
Animation is a great way to work. No early morning call times, no make-up chair. In live action, you're always fighting the clock; the sun is always going down too soon.
In one week, I went from being a girl who owed a guy thousands of dollars - my manager Anthony was paying for my outfits, paying for my food; I was sleeping in his parents' basement - to taking meetings with every major label in America. The next morning, I had a record deal and wrote him a cheque to pay back all that money.
It's still scary every time I go back to the past. Each morning, my heart catches. When I get there, I remember how the light was, where the draft was coming from, what odors were in the air. When I write, I get all the weeping out.
I keep a hotel room in my town, although I have a large house. And I go there at about 5:30 in the morning, and I start working. And I don't allow anybody to come in that room. I work on yellow pads and with ballpoint pens. I keep a Bible, a thesaurus, a dictionary, and a bottle of sherry. I stay there until midday.
I look upon death to be as necessary to our constitution as sleep. We shall rise refreshed in the morning.
I have a great deal of company in the house, especially in the morning when nobody calls.
All men are children, and of one family. The same tale sends them all to bed, and wakes them in the morning.
And this President wakes up every morning, looks out across America and is proud to announce, 'It could be worse.' It could be worse? Is that what it means to be an American? It could be worse? Of course not. What defines us as Americans is our unwavering conviction that we know it must be better.
I'm always afraid of failing. I have to quiet that fear if I'm going to get up in the morning.
First thing I do in the morning, after I have my breakfast and do my spiritual work, is put on my makeup and fix my hair, and I can do my makeup in 15 minutes.
I've always prided myself on my discipline as a writer. I do it like a job. I get up in the morning and go to my desk.
Whether it's eight o'clock in the morning or eight o'clock at night, I always try to greet others before they have a chance to speak to me.
When they set off for their first day at their new school, I will never forget that winter morning as I watched our girls, just 7 and 10 years old, pile into those black SUVs with all those big men with guns.
Our families should gather for family prayer morning and night.
Oprah's got good politics, she's got a good heart, and she'll have us all up Jazzercising at six in the morning. This cannot be a bad thing, and reading a book while we're Jazzercising. So America would be better off if Oprah were president.
Republicans are relentless and they're smart, too - they're not all dumb - and on Election Day, they'll be up at five in the morning.
I work to Glenn Gould in the morning and go to sleep listening to Parsifal.
I think of myself as a mum who finds the time to go to work. I have to check myself for baby sick before I walk out of the house in the morning. I am really a mum... I know I am a great mother.
I get up extremely early in the morning.
Braising eggs in a flavoursome, aromatic sauce is all the rage. It is warming and comforting, ideal for the morning when you are not normally up for a great culinary challenge.
Way back when I was a junior pastry chef, I'd bake loads of muffins every morning, as many as 120 or so, while operating on autopilot.
I created 'America's Next Top Model' one-hundred percent. I was in my kitchen making tea one morning, and I looked out the window, and the idea popped into my head. I wanted it to be 'American Idol' meets 'Ford Supermodel of the Year' meets 'The Real World.'
I tweet in the morning and the evening. To write 12 hours a day, there is a moment when you're really tired. It's my relaxing time.
It is very wrong to sleep in your make-up, but when you wake up the next morning, I think it looks very good.
Each morning I do my ballet class for one hour; after that, it means one hour less to get ready.
You know, I always was an early morning or late night writer. Early morning was my favorite; late night was because you had a deadline. And at four in the morning you make up some of your most absurd jokes.
There is a shop close to where I live, outside which, on certain nights of the month - I've no idea if the transit of the moon determines precisely when - fans of designer skateboards queue from early evening in order - well in order, I presume - to be among the first to jump on a skateboard when the shop opens in the morning.
I'm not really out in the world all that much. I mean, I live with no phone signal, in the hills surrounded by trees, and I have, like, a mom and two baby deer that come by all the time, and my dogs and the squirrels are in a full-on feud every morning.
The great fun in my life has been getting up every morning and rushing to the typewriter because some new idea has hit me.
I have my Lucky Charms in the morning, and I feel magical.
My dad used to have an expression - 'It is the lucky person who gets up in the morning, puts both feet on the floor, knows what they are about to do, and thinks it still matters.'
My mornings are really about being with my children, so I tend to lay out my outfit the night before when my children are asleep so I can have a quick turnaround time in the morning.
I listen to music - Lady Gaga, Kanye, Jay-Z, the Beatles, Robert Plant - while I'm walking down Fifth Avenue to my office in the Trump Tower early each morning.
I want my children to see me first every morning, so I wake up at 5 and make sure to shower and exercise before they get up.
I, of course, meditate for two hours every morning. It's part of my schedule; I wake up at 4 a.m. every day and I love it.
And if I had a preference, it would be to be able to not be in the studio until 4 in the morning.
I went to visit Alcatraz years ago when I was on tour with the Pistols, and I really liked the atmosphere of the place. I genuinely, really, thoroughly enjoyed the whole morning there. I just liked the quietness and stillness of what is basically a cruel prison complex. I still found some kind of joy in that. That's how I am.
I'm very detail oriented. Everything that takes a lot of dedication and creativity I do in the morning when there is light and I'm really concentrated.
Fruit in the morning is such a big joy for me. I like to grab fruit from the tree, et cetera. I don't feel that way with vegetables. Fruit, you can eat it at any time, any moment, in any type of situation. I like everything about fruit; I like the color.
People will come up to me and try and be secretive and say, 'Can you do the Gollum voice for me?' And I'm like, 'Are you kidding? It's 8:30 in the morning on the Victoria Line.'
Having children is fab. They keep me young and make me get up in the morning.
After the first day of practice, there's not one guy who's playing at 100 percent or who feels great. Sometimes, getting up in the morning and brushing your teeth is the hardest part of the day - it just hurts.
I think I'm a fun flatmate. I'm always cheerful. I go on tour with my band so it's 12 people on one bus and I feel like I'm the one who's happy in the morning. I'm not a chaotic person, but I might slack off on doing the dishes from time to time.
My mother says I was two-and-a-half when I started playing. My father was a minister, and when he went to church in the morning, she would put on Fats Waller, Billie Holiday, Nat King Cole and Cole Porter records. I'd crawl up on the piano stool, sit on a phone book and play.
Every morning, I crawl out of bed. I sit there and think, 'Do I really need this?' And I drag myself to the gym in my garage. It's not fun. I hate it. I work out alone. Weights.
The first fresh hour of every morning should be dedicated to the Lord, whose mercy gladdens it with golden light.
In the morning, I practice 15 minutes of yoga.
I don't care if you get up in the morning and don't wash, don't put any make-up on, don't do your hair, even, but you have to have clothes if you want to look different.
What inspires you, what excites you when you wake up in the morning?
I love to do three easy things in the morning: I'll wash my face, I usually tone it, and then I'll put a little bit of moisturizer on it - not tons, because I have really oily skin. I don't have specific products I'm obsessed with; I just try different things. That's how I've always been.
I sometimes forget to have breakfast in the morning, but when I actually buy a box of cereal, I will probably eat it not only for breakfast but also as a snack later on.
Do you know that I was the anchor on the 'CBS Morning Show?' And my newsman was Walter Cronkite.
It's more in my nature to be optimistic, I think. I'm one of those people who gets up on the right side of the bed in the morning.
Every morning I have something to do, I'm better off. It's bad to get up and not have something to do.
Christians need a time and place to sanctify themselves. It's important to take the time, and early in the morning is a wonderful time to do it.
I must warn you right here and now that I am a 'wet leftie,' a 'leftist' and also a member of the 'bleeding heart liberal left.' I had no say in it whatsoever. I woke up one morning, and these things were tattooed across my forehead.
Almost every morning when I go to the studio to work, I discover a fresh rose in the bud vase on my dressing table... one living and vital thing in a dusty arena of powder and tissue and matches and greasepaint.
Even if it wasn't always morning in America during the years of his presidency, Reagan's eagerness to insist that it was tapped into a longing among voters. They didn't want to picture themselves turning down their thermostats and buttoning up their cardigans. They wanted to strut again. Reagan opened his arms and said, 'Walk this way.'
I'm up all night, and then next thing you know, it's the morning, and I'll sleep, like, three hours. I'm a night owl. I'm usually in the studio at night working, and then I get home, I'm on my phone looking at Instagram pictures and buying stuff.
Morning Joe was boring. Scarborough is neither eloquent nor funny.
I write every morning. From about a quarter to nine to a quarter to one. It might be nine to one, or 8:30 to 12:30.
My typical morning involves some time on the treadmill, but obviously I skip that a lot. Mostly, I wake up, check my email, then get to work on the various interviews and questions and phone calls that come with being an author.
When I was a kid, I'd wake up extraordinarily early every morning and turn on the television, scanning for episodes of 'The Jetsons.' For some reason, I loved the notion of a future where there would be flying cars, supercomputers, and most of all, robot maids to take care of the chores.
I always tell students that you've got to be practical. You do not need a dream. You need a purpose, something you can wake up to in the morning when the dream is dissipated.
I wake up in the morning, and I go, 'I'm Doctor Who! I'm playing Doctor Who. I'm Doctor Who.'
I'm not an employee who goes to the office every morning at the same time. Then, vacations are needed.
I had the closest thing I have ever had to an out-of-body experience lying in bed one morning. I turned on the 'Today' programme and item four on the news was: 'The shadow chancellor has ruled himself out of the leadership.' I lay there thinking that's interesting, then I realised it was me.
One thing that I tell people all the time is, 'I'm not going to answer a call from you after nine o'clock at night or before nine o'clock in the morning unless it's an emergency.'
During the morning rush hour on March 20, 1995, the Japanese cult Aum Shinrikyo placed packages on five subway trains converging on Tokyo's central station. When punctured, the packages spread vaporized Sarin through the subway cars and then into the stations as the trains pulled in.
I always rewrite the very beginning of a novel. I rewrite the beginning as I write the ending, so I may spend part of morning writing the ending, the last 100 pages approximately, and then part of the morning revising the beginning. So the style of the novel has a consistency.
When my brother called to inform me, on the morning of May 22, 2003, that our mother Caroline Oates had died suddenly of a stroke, it was a shock from which, in a way, I have yet to recover.
It was one of those evenings when men feel that truth, goodness and beauty are one. In the morning, when they commit their discovery to paper, when others read it written there, it looks wholly ridiculous.
I'm hugely self-critical in the morning.
Every Wednesday, my husband and I have a study group with our friends. I attend church. We try to devote time in the morning, say a prayer.
I've been getting into drinking smoothies in the morning - I like those a lot.
I wake up every morning and I feel like I'm juggling glass balls. I live in Los Angeles, my business is run out of London, and most evenings I'm cuddled up in front of Skype, in my dressing gown, speaking with my studio in London. I travel a lot, my team travel a lot, but I wouldn't have it any other way.
I'm living in Beverly Hills. I'm very, very lucky. I wake up every morning and I recognize that I'm blessed.
Throughout my 20s I spent a lot of time just playing and not really working, but fortunately for me I continued to get just enough work, and have a reason to wake up in the morning. I really empathize with some of my peers who had success in the early years then it dries up, and so there's no reason to get up in the morning.
I really empathise with some of my peers who had success in the early years; then it dries up, and so there's no reason to get up in the morning.
I run a lot every morning.
I always wake up early Saturday morning, and I have a little bit more time, so I go to the gym.
I am focused on what needs to be done for the people of Israel. Period. I do not pity myself and I do not pat myself on the shoulder. I get up in the morning full of energy to fulfill my mission.
I feel most like myself... after I run - I go out for five miles every morning.
We awoke one morning in September, and the world lurched on its axis.
I don't wake up each morning saying, 'Oh, wow, it's me. I think I'm the cat's meow. I'm the best.'
I get up every morning early, when the sky is red, and write for 10 hours.
To wake up in the morning and just know what I'm going to wear, it helps me get out of the house faster.
People are always looking at their phones and computer. It's the first place people turn in the morning and where everyone's keeping in touch and getting their news.
I have so many things to work on, and so many ways that I fail. But that's what grace is all about. And I constantly wake up every morning trying to get better, trying to improve, trying to walk closer to .
It was huge to read the Proverbs of the day every morning, it was huge to read the Psalm of the day every morning and to get that in us and get us going before the day even started.
I wish I had thrown out the bathroom scale at age 16. Weighing yourself every morning is like waking up and asking Dick Cheney to validate your sense of inner worth.
I'm not a morning person.
I usually run in the morning and like to have something substantial but light to eat before and after. My go-to choices are either a banana with almond butter or a smoothie.
I do have a responsibility, but I would make the most boring films in the world if I woke up every morning worrying about my social responsibility.
I usually get up between 7 A.M. and 8 A.M., have coffee, and go right to work. It's really important not to get sidetracked in the morning so I'm still in that dreamy state for my writing.
I've had some pretty awful jobs that I don't miss, like working on a nightclub door, or compiling VIP lists at 3 A.M. in the morning, but sometimes it's just got to be done.
I love Michelle Williams. I think she's extraordinary. I was such a fan of 'Blue Valentine,' and I heard stories about how Ryan Gosling and Michelle Williams worked on that. They lived together for a period of time as rehearsal. From nine in the morning to five at night, living in a space together. The work is really awe-inspiring.
I've just finished my 20th book this past year and I'm working on my 21st book about the Middle East right now that I'll finish this year. And I get up early in the morning and when I get tired of the computer and tired of doing research, I walk 20 steps out to my woodshop and I either build furniture or paint paintings. I'm an artist too.
I watch 'Morning Joe' occasionally. I used to watch a lot more than I do now, but I watched it, and all of a sudden, there was this love fest, for crying out loud - this inexplicable love fest one morning - for The Donald.
We hear the stories every day now: the father who puts on a suit every morning and leaves the house so his daughter doesn't know he lost his job, the recent college grad facing up to the painful reality that the only door that's open to her after four years of study and a pile of debt is her parents'. These are the faces of the Obama economy.
First thing every morning before you arise say out loud, 'I believe,' three times.
I absolutely love Sisley moisturising cream, which I use every morning; it also provides a great base for make-up, and I adore Laura Mercier tinted moisturiser for an overall finish.
I'm a healthy eater. In the morning, I'll have hot water and lemon, then scrambled eggs. I eat spelt or rye bread, not wheat, and have lots of veg and salad.
We climbed the stairs to the third floor, where Osama bin Laden died early in the morning of May 2, 2011.
I spend almost every morning with mail.
In high school, I had a gold 1992 Ford Explorer. It was a gift. I used to have a terrible habit of locking the keys in the car when I used leave the car running to help it start on a cold morning. I think the local locksmith became used to me calling him.
There's nothing in the world more silent than the telephone the morning after everybody pans your play. It won't ring from room service; your mother won't be calling you. If the phone has not rung by 8 in the morning, you're dead.
I would bend over backward to be back on Grey's. Any day, I'll choose lying in bed with Katherine Heigl looking over me over getting thrown against walls by supernatural persons at 5 in the morning.
I am a New Yorker, and 7:00 A.M. is a civilized hour to finish the day, not to start it.
You can find me at three in the morning in my living room with a glass of wine and really bad '90s trip hop beats blaring from my headphones.
I go to the gym at five in the morning and then go do a hike.
My best writing is often early in the morning and, sometimes, while working out.
As a child, I had to get up early for school or work. I'd get ready by myself. I'd set my alarm to wake me up very early in the morning, and be off to work, the family driver driving me every morning. I did it alone, my parents never coming in to wake me up.
I remember coming to New York in 1974 to do a play here called 'Equis.' And I remember the first morning getting up and walking around the streets, and I thought, 'I'm home.' I felt really at peace here.
I do believe at the end of the night when you're with your family, the character gets hung up on the door like a coat, and is there to be taken on the next morning.
'Sunday Morning Coming Down' is probably the most directly autobiographical thing I'd written. In those days, I was living in a slum tenement that was torn down afterwards, but it was $25 a month in a condemned building, and 'Sunday Morning Coming Down' was more or less looking around me and writing about what I was doing.
I always write 'Magic Potion' on my perfume bottles so when I use them, it feels magical - I make spells in the morning when I put them on.
Exercising first thing in the morning ensures that you'll have the time for it, and it improves your self-control and energy levels all day long.
I wake up at 5:30, 6 in the morning, but don't head into the office right away. I like to hang out with my wife, talk about things, get some coffee, you know.
I get up 5:30-6 every morning. I'm in the gym. I run a couple miles.
I'm relieved that after all these years of doing atrocity work, I still cry my eyes out every time I read the paper in the morning. It's surprising, actually.
I'm going to marry a Jewish woman because I like the idea of getting up Sunday morning and going to the deli.
I've become totally hooked on Cellex-C. It's an anti-ageing serum and is fantastic. I use it morning and evening and even on my hands, where it has faded those dark spots.
I always do an all-night horror marathon on Saturdays where we start at seven and go until five in the morning.
It's man's work. My dad was gone at 4:30 in the morning and home at 8 at night, and he worked underground, and the last mine he worked in was 26 inches high in a lot of places. He liked the engineering of it - he liked the moving the earth and being able to extract something and put it back for reclamation. He enjoyed the whole process.
We only open a couple of presents on Christmas morning we're all about the stockings - we even get them for the dogs!
A lot of people love to do affirmations first thing in the morning - to keep themselves feeling peppy and positive.
It seems every morning I wake up to face a list of 20 things to do, with time only to do 10, and somehow I always wind up squishing in 30.
I remember trying to write at 1, 1:30 A.M., and just sort of falling asleep. And I think that was actually a good creative state for weird ideas. I shifted to a morning schedule once I had two kids, and I still found that if I slept badly, I actually had better ideas.
I travel pretty frequently, but a few things that are routine are going for a run, getting my green tea in the morning, and checking email... well, all the time!
You should wake up in the morning and say, 'What do I want to do today? What's going to make me happy?'
I'm a mom - I'm lucky if I get to shower in the morning. Luckily, nail polish stays on my toes. I've been so bad on the upkeep, though.
Some people never learn, no matter how much their heads hurt in the morning.
Complex tasks are often better handled in the back of our mind, and that's often true of creative tasks - when you have something complex to deal with in writing or research or responding to an email. I'll start working, put it aside, and sometimes I'll wake up the next morning with a solution, or I'll find one when I exercise.
I try to sit still for about 15 minutes each morning without making lists or running in overdrive.
I woke up one morning with the knowledge that I had a brain tumor. It wasn't so much that I dreamt I had a brain tumor; it was like someone just poured the knowledge into my head. It wasn't like an image; it was just like knowing. It was so weird, which is why I paid attention.
There are so many songs in my heart and in my brain. I wake up at 2 in the morning, and I have to get up and sing them. There are so many of them, it's ridiculous.
I get up in the morning. I usually do a radio interview early in the morning. I usually do a book signing, because I'm also a cookbook author, so I'm at some store, at a Walmart or a Williams Sonoma, for three hours, standing up, signing autographs, and taking pictures for three hours.
The reality is that you think you're going to have all this time out here, to do all this stuff, and the truth of the matter is, you just don't. If we're on the road, and we stay in the city we're in, I'm going to try to get up in the morning and get a workout in.
Generally, when I wake up in the morning I set out a series of problems for myself and I write them down, and when I'm sleeping, my mind solves the problems. When I wake up in the morning, I have more clarity on the issue.
People have to learn that everybody is the same. If you wake up in the morning, even if you're a movie star, you look like everybody else. The reality is that makeup is there to help. That's what it's for.
I used to get into bed with my mother every morning, almost until she died, and talk about everything. She was my closest confidante always. I had no secrets from her.
My grandmother would start making her meat sauce at 7 in the morning on Sunday, and within five or six hours, that smell would be all through the house.
Every morning when I wake up, I am grateful and happy that I come to the film set. It is home.
I remember when I grew up and Dad would take me to kindergarten in the morning, and you could smell the chips in the air from the factory nearby.
I'm big about washing my face before I go to bed, washing it when I wake up in the morning, getting good sleep and drinking a lot of water. Those are just easy things that you can do for your skin.
I do devotion in the morning. I pray and I read the word.
If I'm going to have baked goods in the morning, the rule is that I have to make them myself.
Maybe I am a bit unusual here, but I am less stressed if I have my phone with me. Because I can spend like an hour in the morning taking care of everything instead of I sit there and wonder what I missed or wonder what's happening. So it's way less stressful for me to just answer my phone.
My morning starts with some form of exercise, and I give two hours - from 5:30 to 7:30 A.M. - to my personal fitness.
When I wake up in the morning, I just go.
If yesterday was a good day's work, chances are you'll stay on a roll. And if you can stay on a roll, everything else will probably take care of itself - including not working from the moment you get up in the morning until you nod off to sleep.
I like being in movies that have a great story. I'm not so interested in being a Hollywood star. It's a job, you know. When you wake up at six in the morning every day for a week, it feels like hard work.
If I get to a place early in the morning, I try to walk around by myself. I still try to find cool places to go to, like a record store in St. Louis or some restaurant in Chicago.
Until I really dealt with a lot of the demons in my life - the fear and self-doubt and unresolved issues with my old man - I could never feel fulfilled and happy. I would wake up in the morning and feel bad.
Sometimes you will do a close-up for a scene in the morning where you are totally distraught, then shoot the rest of that scene seven hours later. How do you hang on to that feeling all day without burning up, without going so far that you have nothing left to give when the cameras roll again?
I walk my dog every morning.
At 14, I was the most disciplined guy around. I would get up at 5 o'clock in the morning and run five miles, and then go to school. Sometimes I would run behind the school bus, and the kids thought I was just crazy. I knew what I wanted.
It takes people being alone in front of the computer at three in the morning to write opinions about movies, apparently.
No, ramen's not good for you. But in Japan, our favorite thing to do after drinking all night, especially in Sapporo where it's freezing cold, is to go to the ramen place at two, three in the morning.
I get work done in half the time if the family is still asleep. When my family wakes up, I've already had a productive morning and am ready to enjoy breakfast with them before I start conquering the rest of my day.
My marriage to David Bailey ended one morning in 1983, while he was away on a photo-shoot.
I'm a firm believer that if you put together a good product that is just good policy, that is embraced by both sides so that it is seen as politically advantageous to the Republicans or Democrats, that even in this very polarized partisan world that you can advance legislation. I have to believe that, or I wouldn't want to get up every morning.
In the morning, I usually get up between 7:40 A.M. and 7:45 A.M., and then I'll brush my teeth, do my hair, and just throw on my leotard and my clothes and go to the kitchen.
I think glamour all the time. I wake up in the morning and I'm already thinking glamour.
Every morning, I make myself a cappuccino with a drawing in the foam. I post them to Instagram with the hashtag #christiecappuccino.
I like coffee in the morning and decaf green tea throughout the day... When I was younger and modeling, to kick-start a diet I would do a juice cleanse.
If we bought everything on the Internet, our eyes and mouths and nostrils would probably begin to film over with a tegument - one initially tissue-thin and capable of being removed each morning, but which gradually thickened and hardened until we were imprisoned in our own tiny minds.
People get emails from me at 3 in the morning.
I always run in the morning on an empty stomach, and I'll go through a bottle and a half of water. Then I have a protein drink or I eat egg whites.
One is a painter because one wants so-called freedom one doesn't want to go to the office every morning.
My father was a Baptist preacher, and he used to read the King James Bible to me every single morning. He made me memorize it and repeat verses at night before I went to sleep.
I like to try to do a little work before I do anything in the morning, even if it's a paragraph.
My personality, when tasked with creating meals, goes something like this: Is there a way we can make this more difficult? Because let's do that. I don't mean to complicate things. It's just - why buy pre-packaged potato salad when you can spend your morning boiling potatoes and flipping out because there's no dill in the house?
If you woke up each morning, and immediately dwelt on your ills, what sort of a day could you look forward to?
I try to make films that I find exciting. It makes me want to get out of bed at five in the morning, have my make-up done and play for the rest of the day.
Making films can be absolutely fantastic, but it can also be incredibly dull. You spend the whole day sitting by yourself in your trailer and then you get called to deliver one sentence - then you're told to come back and do it again at 5:30 the following morning.
We're the roughest people in the way we play and live, and that is because Americans come from people who all got up one morning and went 5,000 miles, and that was a time in the 19th century when it wasn't so easy to do.
'Morning Joe' host Mika Brzezinski's personal life is a minefield. Her father is Zbigniew Brzezinski, former national security adviser to President Jimmy Carter, and while one brother is an Obama appointee, the other advises Romney.
I'm very neurotic about shaving. I shave first thing in the morning before a shoot, and if I have dinner that night, I have to shave again.
I can't sleep without the TV on, so we leave it on during the night, and that's what wakes me up - Joe Scarborough and 'Morning Joe' at 7:30 or 8.
I've been there a thousand years, and I never felt comfortable. Beverly Hills - when I first saw it, I thought they put it up this morning. You got to pack water to get to the drugstore.
My father's whole life was work. He had a retail store in Ossining, New York, and I mean, he was down there at 6:15 every morning. The store didn't open until 9, but he hadda be down there. That's all he knew.
I don't like getting up in the morning, getting in a car, driving on a freeway, and stopping at a gate where two guards are standing there, then walk into a studio that looks like a bunch of airplane hangars.
Obama is the New Generation and the hot light of a dawn that goes way beyond clever talk of morning in America.
I hear that 5 o'clock whistle in my mind like Fred Flintstone and I have to stop. I'm also not much of a morning writer. I have a sweet spot from about 11am to 4pm. But I really work during that time.
You numb yourself so you're not terrified when you're on TV at 7 o'clock in the morning with Justin Bieber, who you just met a couple of days before, having to perform in front of millions of people.
I love stretching in the morning. It's the first thing I do when I wake up because getting a good back-crack is so extremely satiating. I feel taller when I finally stand.
I'm actually one of those people who get up energetic in the morning.
I can only tell you that eggs, country ham, biscuits, a pot of coffee, a morning paper, a table by the window overlooking the veranda and putting green, listening to the idle chitchat of competitors, authors, wits and philosophers, hasn't exactly been a torturous way to begin each day at the Masters all these years.
I literally have meetings at eight o'clock in the morning, and I finish at nine o'clock at night. It sounds pathetic, but I don't even have time to go shopping.
I listen to Ustad Vilayat Khan's 'Raga Khamaj' and 'Raga Jaijaiwanti' virtually every morning, a lot of Abdullah Ibrahim, Michael Kiwanuka, Savages, and contemporary Ugandan pop.
I became a musician so I wouldn't have to get up at 6 in the morning.
Scorpions like holes. We had to put our arms in the holes to dig out the smelting residues. We always performed critter checks before an excavation, but one morning, I put an arm in and felt a sharp pierce. When I brought my hand out, it was red and already swelling.
It didn't matter what you look like. You don't have to get up at 5:30 in the morning and there's a lot to be said for that. Corpse Bride can just play all my parts from now on and I'll just do the voice.
I get up early in the morning, 4 o'clock, and I sit at my desk and what I do is just dream. After three or four hours, that's enough. In the afternoon, I run.
My job starts at a quarter to seven in the morning, and you go right through until whatever time is necessary to finish up.
I procrastinate all morning. That's when I get my office work done and answer e-mails and see what's on the Internet and do laundry.
Emily Gannett is tireless. I know this because I have traded emails with her at 2 A.M. only to later wake blearily to a chipper morning missive sent south of 6 A.M. before her morning run.
Yeah, I'm not really a morning person.
It's very exciting... what DeAndre brings to the game is truly special. To have the opportunity to play with a football player like that, that's what gets a quarterback out of bed in the morning.
Cross the wrong state border with your gun, or wake up one morning to new legislation or a new presidential executive order, and suddenly you're the bad guy, not the good guy. No wonder some gun owners seem so touchy; they feel, at some level, like criminals in waiting.
Even if I have already peaked, I have to believe I can improve. I wake up every morning, and go to practice, with the illusion that I'm going to get better that day.
I was passionate about soccer. I still am. Odd, though - playing soccer always made me much more anxious than playing tennis. On soccer days, I'd be out of bed by 6 in the morning, all nervous. But I was always calm when it was time for a tennis match. I still don't know why.
Sometimes I wake up in the morning and I am like, 'This is a high-top day' or 'This is a bob day,' but when I get my clothes on that's when I see.
I never knew a man come to greatness or eminence who lay abed late in the morning.
I had the perfect job for a gamer. From February to October, I'd get up at 7 in the morning with nothing to do but play games until I had to be at the park around 1 or 2 o'clock. When I got back after the game, I played until 3 or 4 in the morning.
Every NASCAR driver watches Formula One in the morning they are well informed.
At my wedding, I was dancing so furiously that I fell hard on my kneecaps. The next morning, my knees were so swollen that I had to get a wheelchair at the airport to go on my honeymoon.
I only discovered the 'Harry Potter' series in my tenth standard. I dived right into it, often reading non-stop through the day and night. It was the morning after one such readathon when I was to appear for a Chemistry exam. Spending my night with the third edition of Harry Potter didn't help much, and I fared poorly.
I was in Shanghai when the Japanese invaded China. I was there in Shanghai when, the morning after Pearl Harbor, they seized Shanghai.
We are shallow because our media are so horribly shallow. Every morning, I peruse the papers, and there is so little to read in them. It is the same with radio - all that noise, that artifice.
I'm not a person who naturally loves to wake up in the morning and go 'Yeah, I'm going to work out for five hours - wooh!' Like, that's not my thing. I'm from Texas. I like to eat carbs. I like to chill out with my friends and do anything but 150 push-ups and sit-ups.
I'm a late riser by my family's standards. Sleeping is a luxury because since I was young, I woke up very early to go ice-skating. So I'm really not a morning girl.
If you do cardio one day and the next day you can do weights, do it that way. If you need to do it at night or in the morning, do it that way. Whatever you need to get it done, just get it done.
When I was a child I had a nightmare, and in the morning, I asked my mother and father, 'If I kill someone, would you still love me?' My parents were very preoccupied with this, but I think I'm not the only one to ask for that - not love, but absolute fidelity.
In these days a man is nobody unless his biography is kept so far posted up that it may be ready for the national breakfast-table on the morning after his demise.
I show up in my writing room at approximately 10 A.M. every morning without fail. Sometimes my muse sees fit to join me there and sometimes she doesn't, but she always knows where I'll be. She doesn't need to go hunting in the taverns or on the beach or drag the boulevard looking for me.
Making love in the morning got me through morning sickness. I found I could be happy and throw up at the same time.
I'm the guy that gets up at three in the morning to jot down an entire sheet of lyrics for something that won't be recorded for six months. You have to get it down when you can, because thoughts are fluid.
With Saturday morning cartoons, you've got to start at 6 A.M., right?
I go to yoga every day. I meditate every morning.
Let me tell you, it is still morning in America. It just happens to be kind of a head pounding, hung over for four hours in America - and it's shaping up to be a nasty day, but its still morning in America.
I have an orthopedic pillow that's made out of a sponge material. I have a plate in my throat, and I have to be careful or I could end up with a bad neck in the morning. That pillow is a must everywhere I go.
I never think of yesterday. Can't do anything about it. I'm a positive guy. When you really deep down look at it, we go to bed every night, get up every morning, stay here for 70 or 80 years, and then we die.
I had a monumental idea this morning, but I didn't like it.
My father-in-law gets up at 5 o'clock in the morning and watches the Discovery Channel. I don't know why there's this big rush to do this.
I generally blog between 5:30 A.M. and 7 A.M. I will from time to time add something during the day, but for the most part blogging is an early morning activity for me.
If you read about Mussolini or Stalin or some of these other great monsters of history, they were at it all the time, that they were getting up in the morning very early. They were physically very active. They didn't eat lunch.
I used to start at about 10 at night and work until early morning. My preferred way to work is to start in the early afternoon and work until about 3, go do errands, have dinner, and then write for a few more hours in the evening.
The great secret of doctors, known only to their wives, but still hidden from the public, is that most things get better by themselves; most things, in fact, are better in the morning.
I work all day, morning and afternoon, just about every day. If I sit there like that for two or three years, at the end I have a book.
Do I get up every morning and ask: am I doing the things that I believe in and am I doing them for the best possible motives? Yes. Unambiguously yes.
I usually decide what to wear in the morning, but sometimes, I'll have a favorite coat or sweater or shoes, and I'll wear them everyday for a week!
When I wake up in the morning, I like to refresh myself and put some tonic on - one with vitamin C - and then an oxygen cream with vitamins A, C, and E. That's very important to me so that my skin will stay moisturized throughout the day.
I don't mind traveling that much when I can go somewhere and stay there for a while, but touring is different. You rarely see anything. You get there early in the morning and you're resting all day, and you go in and do a sound check, and you do the show, and then bam you're gone.
It has not been easy to wake up every single day at 6:30 in the morning to then head to the gym and start a full day of work. But you have to have that kind of dedication if you want to achieve the goals you have set for yourself.
When you stand up in the morning, you look in the mirror and say, 'I'm black.' No. You wake up and you see yourself as a human being in the world, but you raise discussion and raise aggression, the anger that you confront every day of your life, whether you want to or not.
I'd always been a news junkie, always read lots of newspapers and watched the Sunday morning news shows on TV and felt strongly about issues of power, control, sexuality and race.
It's always morning for me until 4 in the afternoon.
Every little detail of my life is, and has always been, surrounded by fashion - from the cup I drink my coffee from in the morning to my constant travels - fashion always pops up somewhere and somehow.
I would do the morning show and then just walk over to the network side of the building here at ABC in New York and sit down and start it up again and introduce the 10 contestants, and then introduce the 10 - the fastest finger question, and pick one of them, put them in the seat before you finally got to asking them the questions.
I keep wondering at night, 'Will I have a bank the next morning, or will some technology company be doing banking without needing a bank?'
I can't say for sure where I was headed the first time my mom put a blue blazer on me. Church, probably. West Side Presbyterian in Ridgewood, New Jersey, specifically, where my blazer was paired with a clip-on tie and a pair of khakis for a Sunday morning with my fellow congregants.
Landing on 'Morning Joe' wasn't a fluke. I was a poli sci major in college. I interned at the CBS political unit, covered conventions.
I'm a morning bird. I love getting up before it's light out if it's possible. I wake up, I have a black coffee. I'm an 86-year-old man. I try to work out first thing to get it over with. When I do it, I feel good because I have the endorphins all day.
Sydney in general is eclectic. You can be on that brilliant blue ocean walk in the morning and then within 20 minutes you can be in a completely vast suburban sprawl or an Italian or Asian suburb, and it's that mix of people, it's that melting pot of people that give it its vital personality.
In order to have good fried chicken, you should wash and season the bird the morning you're preparing it for dinner. Don't wait and do it right before you start cooking. Throw it in the refrigerator, seasoned, that morning, and give it a chance to soak up all the salt and pepper and goodness.
I am so blessed. I've been way over-blessed. At 64 years old, I look forward to going to bed every night so I can wake up in the morning and see what blessing is going to come my way that day. Because you never, ever know what 's got in store for you.
My dad, he worked rebar, an ironworker. Watching my pops get up every single morning, going into work, working hard - I think that really made me want to work that hard, wanted to make me get up early and go for a run or get a lift in or get some extra hitting in and really try to better myself every day.
Whereas I used to get depressed or neurotic or dwell on things, I see my son's bright eyes and smile in the morning, and suddenly, I don't feel like I'm depressed anymore. There's nothing to be depressed about when you've got that.
When you're doing a medieval show like 'Pillars,' it starts off a bit like a school play. You're all in funny costumes; you've had your coffee, and you say, 'Good morning'. Then you go on set and, if you've got good actors and directors, it takes on a life of its own.
I am a bit obsessive about tidiness. I need to make my bed in the morning and leave it perfectly made up.
To keep my back from getting stiff, I have a strict regime every morning of stretching and do yoga once a week and Pilates. 'Strictly Come Dancing' in 2008 was great for my fitness.
Those golden minutes before you are completely awake, when your mind is just drifting, you have no censorship; you are ready to develop any kind of idea. That's when I come up with the best and worst ideas. That is the privilege of being a writer - that you can stay in bed for an hour in the morning and it's work time.
The time I spend in the morning - praying, sipping coffee, and coming up with my list - is a ritual I relish. I have done it for so long now that I subconsciously measure whether or not the things I'm doing match with what I should be doing, what I want to be doing, and the life I want to live.
The question is the morning after. What sort of Iraq do we wake up to after the bombing? What happens in the region? What impact could it have? These are questions leaders I have spoken to have posed.
Like all Americans, I will never forget where I was the morning of the 9/11 attacks.
For me, I exercise every morning. I exercise every day. I work out about an hour and 20 minutes, which is aerobics and resistance training. I work on agility and balance. I work on the things that are going to help my condition. I do agility training. I walk on a treadmill. I use an elliptical. I use weights.
If you are a girl dressing up in the morning thinking about the whole world having a point of view on what you are wearing, it takes the pleasure out of getting dressed.
The morning is always my best time of the day for writing because that's when my head is best.
What I don't like is breakfast in the morning. I have a double-espresso cappuccino, but no food.
I used to wake up in the morning and say, 'Oh, .' Now I wake up in the morning and look forward to life.
I wake up laughing. Yes, I wake up in the morning and there I am just laughing my head off.
When I wake up in the morning, I feel like a billionaire without paying taxes.
I am really passionate about my career and my music and I am so lucky to be able to do what I do for a job, so for all the early morning starts and long days, I could never trade it all in.
I wake up every morning and I surprise myself. I wake up to a new me.
A locked-room problem lies at the heart of my new novel, 'In The Morning I'll Be Gone,' in which an RUC detective has to find out whether a publican's daughter who fell off a table in a bar that was locked from the inside was in fact murdered.
'Old times' never come back and I suppose it's just as well. What comes back is a new morning every day in the year, and that's better.
I'll always remember when I bumped into Good Morning America's Robin Roberts on a flight to my mother's funeral in 1994, and how kind she was during that difficult time.
It's frightening to think about more sanctions. When I've met North Koreans in China, they've said to me, 'You have no idea how difficult our lives are. We live like dogs.' They wake up in the morning wondering what they're going to eat for dinner.
I spent many a summer early morning with the radio very low, half sleeping and half listening.
You say something stupid and the next morning you're in the headlines.
I get up in the morning, look around, arrange and rearrange things, and imagine how I might like them to look. Why doesn't everybody?
I started playing poker in 2003 during my pregnancy, to distract myself from my awful morning sickness. For months all I did was cry and play Texas Hold'em.
I write early in the morning. I just wake up whenever I feel awake and I have to be sitting and writing pretty soon after that. If I take too long to think about the impossibility of what I'm trying to, I'll be defeated by it.
My morning routine is quite common: I have breakfast at home while reading the newspaper, I take a shower, get dressed, a spray of cologne, and I am ready to go!
If a woman gets insomnia, you never know where you're going to find her furniture the next morning. It's primal. We have so little we can control, but we can perfect the way our room looks.
Chronic malnutrition, or the lack of proper nutrition over time directly contributes to three times as many child deaths as food scarcity. Yet surprisingly, you don't really hear about this hidden crisis through the morning news, Twitter or headlines of major newspapers.
A large amount of constant activity will get things going. For example, training in the morning will have everything, all the juices flowing by the time you actually get to work. So, when you're at work, you've been already up for an hour or so or two hours, and you're raring to go where everyone else is still wiping sleep out of their eyes.
I'm a morning person, so rising at 4-something on weekends is not a huge challenge for me. I am not, however, much of a morning eater - not at that hour, at least.
I don't want to be in my car all day. I love getting up in the morning in Venice and walking my dogs down to the cafe to get my tea, and then perhaps going to a bookstore and sitting and reading, then walking to the beach.
Your body knows how old you are, but if you keep on and you take care of yourself - you know, I go to kickboxing class every morning at 5 A.M. You know, try to do all the things to take care of the outside of your body, but you also should do - and have to do things that take care of the inside of your body.
I don't have to get up in the morning and go beat up my body like I used to. I don't have to be out there in August in 108 degree weather down in Texas.
Holiday? Is like, what? I'm a hyperactive girl, so it may be boring for me to be on the beach doing nothing. I just need to find a place for three weeks and work but sleep in the morning, maybe write a little bit, have a glass of red wine. That's my perfect holiday.
A young dog's faith is absolute... Dogs are notorious for hope. Dogs believe that this morning, this very morning, may begin a day of fascination, easily grander than any day in the past.
Beverly Hills is too intimidating. Everyone's got lovely teeth, so you don't want to smile. Everyone's ripped, so you start working out at 4 in the morning and eating egg white omelets.
My principal motivation is supporting my family, which is not a bad reason for getting up in the morning. That's always been my motivation - to take care of the people who rely on me.
My wife gets pampered pretty well. She's had me trained since she was pregnant, when I started making her oatmeal with fresh berries every morning.
The Weezer 'Blue' Album is a classic. I think My Morning Jacket's 'Circuital' is a great album to have. Any Led Zeppelin album. Pink Floyd 'The Dark Side Of The Moon' or 'Animals.' I always catch myself at concerts being like, 'Oh, I just stared at the drummer for 15 straight minutes.' I study them.
There are 435 members of Congress. There's one 'Morning Joe' show. Hopefully, we can keep hammering the argument that you can disagree with other people and have debates but remain civil.
If some great catastrophe is not announced every morning, we feel a certain void. Nothing in the paper today, we sigh.
I used to pride myself on being the first in the office in the morning and one of the last to leave at night. Now, that's so dated: It's not about effort, it's about outcomes.
We know that a man can read Goethe or Rilke in the evening, that he can play Bach and Schubert, and go to his day's work at Auschwitz in the morning.
Internet marketing entrepreneurs have truly opened my eyes to just how important a quick turnaround time can be. Often times, an interview they conduct with me today is online by the next morning. The interviewee is then able to start making money less than 24 hours after the initial interview.
I have the best job in the world. I wake up every morning energized at the thought of running Rio de Janeiro, the most exciting city on the planet.
I can write all the way through the morning, when my mind is clear, and there are no distractions.
As a producer, the most important call you can get is on Saturday morning, when the Friday-night grosses come in. As a director, you want your film to be successful. But your outlook is a bit different. You become very conscious of the reviews.
My dad used to wake me up at 5:30 in the morning and hit me ground balls and tell me, 'Don't be afraid to excel. Don't be afraid to be great.'
The most efficient way to live reasonably is every morning to make a plan of one's day and every night to examine the results obtained.
Training is full-on. Some days I really don't want to get out of bed and hit that track again. Sunday and Monday morning sessions are always horrible. But who really looks forward to going to work on a Monday morning?
I love the smell of shampoo on a girl's hair. You can walk past someone and be like, 'Wow, you took a shower this morning, didn't you? Because you smell lovely.'
When you have to get into the character each morning, give it your voice, your face, it was torture.
I love playing 'Madame Vastra.' Although I do suffer, spending three-and-a-half hours in make-up every morning to have her lizard skin put on. I was so excited the first day when we did the make-up test, but after six hours, I was like, 'Can we finish now?'
The plane took off at 8:10 in the morning - or that's when it was scheduled to take off. And that's when I believe it took off. I had been in my office at the Department of Justice. Someone told me that there had been the two strikes that occurred at the World Trade Center.
As soon as I began, it seemed impossible to write fast enough - I wrote faster than I would write a letter - two thousand to three thousand words in a morning, and I cannot help it.
I wake up very early in the morning. I like to start in the dark, and I never work at night, because my brain is evaporated by 4 P.M.
I get up at sunrise. I'm a Buddhist, so I chant in the morning. My wife and I sit and have coffee together, but then it's list-making time. I have carpentry projects. We have roads we keep in repair. It's not back-breaking, but it's certainly aerobic and mildly strenuous.
I am on my way to Ghana tomorrow morning and you just need to know that this Administration is very focused on doing all we can to promote economic development in this part of the world, in Africa, throughout Africa, North Africa and sub-Saharan Africa.
Work is a prayer, and I start off every morning dedicating it to our Creator.
I did 'Good Morning America' with David Beckham. Oh, god, what a handsome devil that guy is.
The average, healthy, well-adjusted adult gets up at seven-thirty in the morning feeling just plain terrible.
I never really look for anything. What  throws my way comes. I wake up in the morning and whichever way  turns my feet, I go.
I am an avid fisherman, and my daily schedule is to write in the morning and then go fishing in the afternoon. In Maine, I fish mostly for stripers, and in the Florida Keys, I go after all kinds of game fish.
You get up about 2-3 o'clock in the morning and get through about 7 or 8 and 12 hours later you start all over. That's the worst kind of work a person can do. You have to do these two shifts to get one day.
I don't think I'm going to do any good work this morning.
Probably millions of Americans got up this morning with a cup of coffee, a cigarette and a donut. No wonder they are sick and fouled up.
Day and night cannot dwell together. The Red Man has ever fled the approach of the White Man, as the morning mist flees before the morning sun.
My very first car was a grey Alfa Romeo Alfasud, which I got in 1987. But, in our family, all cars were for sale - so they might be there in the morning and were gone at night. In the mid-90s, I joined Porsche and the Carrera was the car, and the Carrera 4S was the one they gave me. As a wee boy from Dumfries, I couldn't believe it.
I don't know why you call it morning sickness, because I was sick all day and night!
When I opened the world's largest Internet cafe, certified by the 'Guinness Book of Records,' in Times Square in New York, I was live on 'Good Morning America,' and for me, that was an achievement.
Growing up in Canada, none of my family were performers or anything like that, but I was terrible at hockey, so they needed something for me to do on Saturdays for me to get out of the house. I signed up for theater school on Saturdays, and I'd go for four-and-a-half hours every Saturday morning and learn about theater.
When I read the pilot 'for Married with Children', it just reminded me of my Uncle Joe... just a self-deprecating kind of guy. He'd come home from work, and the wife would maybe say 'I ran over the dog this morning in the driveway'. And he would say 'Fine, what's for dinner?
You can't be as old as I am without waking up with a surprised look on your face every morning: 'Holy Christ, whaddya know - I'm still around!' It's absolutely amazing that I survived all the booze and smoking and the cars and the career.
Experience has taught me, when I am shaving of a morning, to keep watch over my thoughts, because, if a line of poetry strays into my memory, my skin bristles so that the razor ceases to act.
I get up at an unholy hour in the morning my work day is completed by the time the sun rises. I have a slightly bad back which has made an enormous contribution to American literature.
What is life, when wanting love? Night without a morning; love's the cloudless summer sun, nature gay adorning.
I'm not a cooking person, so there's not much in the fridge. On the rare occasion that I do cook, I make myself breakfast. Eggs are my go-to in the morning for some protein. Orange juice as well. You have to start your day off with that.
I think the worst and most insidious procrastination for me is research. I will be looking for some bit of fact or figure to include in the novel, and before I know, I've wasted an entire morning delving into that subject matter without a word written.
Ice skating is very difficult. It takes a lot of discipline and a lot of hard work. It's fun, but you are there on the ice every morning freezing and trying to do these moves and these tricks.
I write best in the morning, and I can only write for about half a day, that's about it.
To play a cop's wife - there's so much in that world, the wives or partners of anyone who is a first responder - it's not an easy job. It's not an easy way to live, to say goodbye to someone in the morning and not know what's going to happen throughout the day.
My wife and I make the bed every morning, but it's a queen size bed today, as opposed to a rack, you know, a small single bed, which I had in basic SEAL training.
Sometimes I miss out the morning's painting session and instead study my Japanese books in the open.
In the Java Sea in Indonesia, I have seen fishers going out in the morning, six of them going out and coming back with five pounds of fish. That is the end point, a pound of fish per person per day to sell for rice. That's where fisheries go if you let it happen. That's where it stabilizes. These people cannot feed their families.
I wake up every morning feeling lucky - which is driven by fear, no doubt, since I know it could all go away.
My workout regimen at the moment is nonexistent. I wake up in the morning and brush my teeth. My toothbrush and deodorant are my only dumbbells. That's about it.
The soul is a muscle, and it needs to be exercised a little every day. Say a morning prayer just to say something.
Tell him he can have my title, but I want it back in the morning.
It's always such a joy that you wake up in the morning and there's work to do.
On a beautiful clear Sunday morning, myself and James Nesbitt jumped out of a plane together at 18,000 feet.
I used to go play football matches in the morning, and I'd go straight from me football game to a dance competition.
When Andrew went with the girls, we were talking all morning and he was saying, 'It's okay. Just remember we had such a good day. Our wedding was so perfect.' Because we're such a unit together. He made me feel very part of the day on April the 29th.
I eat an egg every morning, and when I'm done, I almost always have the thought: 'There. Now even if I'm captured and starved, I'll be able to live off the protein of that egg for a while.'
I find that when you do yoga, you don't crave unhealthy food. But I try to always let myself eat whatever I want. I have dessert or chocolate every day, but I'll only have a few bites. I try to have a little bit of cereal in the morning, and then I always try to have protein for dinner, too. But I eat pasta and stuff like that.
If there was no Black Sabbath, I could still possibly be a morning newspaper delivery boy. No fun.
I'm a morning person because I learned to write my novels while still practicing law. I would get to the office at 6:30 a.m. and write until other people arrived, around 9. Now I still do that. I start at 6:30 or 7, and I'll write until 11, then take an hour off, then work until about 2 p.m. By then my brain has had enough.
Everybody's after a new morning. What do we have to run up and salute tomorrow?
I was in New York for a little while, doing some really bad theater. I did some great stuff, too, but there were Saturday morning theater performances in one-third-filled church basements. So, I paid my dues.
Running clears my mind, and gives me a reason to get out of bed in the morning.
When you awaken some morning and hear that somebody or other has been discovered, you can put it down as a fact that he discovered himself years ago - since that time he has been toiling, working, and striving to make himself worthy of general discovery.
If I'm on location on some island, we usually get up at four in the morning to set up. By seven thirty, we're on the beach working until noon, then we rest. It's not exactly a vacation.
The 6th of August in the morning we saw an opening in the land and we ran into it, and anchored in 7 and a half fathom water, 2 miles from the shore, clean sand.
You know the stories of a woman saying to Churchill, 'Sir, you're drunk,' and he said to her, 'And you're ugly, but in the morning I'll be sober.' I was really excited to do that scene, but I did get slapped.
My eighth-grade year, I was home-schooled. I'd basically wake up, go to the gym in the morning, do a little bit of school, go to practice, do a little more school, then go back to practice. My mom had a crockpot and a mini traveling oven, so we'd be cooking and eating dinners at the gym.
My life is fairly normal. I didn't wake up one morning and find out that I'm suddenly a star, with people clamoring at me. I feel like I'm moving up the ladder just a little, which is fine.
The sound of the blades on the ice in the morning is like smelling fresh coffee.
One morning, in February 1986, out of nowhere, I experienced a realization. In an instant, I discovered that when I believed my stressful thoughts, I suffered, but when I questioned them, I didn't suffer.
Playing characters who are wonderful and beautiful is hard because you don't feel like that most of the time... well, I don't. It's like this whole heart-throb nonsense. It's flattering, but that's not how I feel in the morning. It's something that goes with the job.
I'm not very into pastas or heavy foods like meat, but pastries, especially if they come from a really nice French bakery, I go crazy over! I try to allow myself those little treats in the morning for breakfast, then I have a lighter lunch.
I had always thought, for 'Roman Empire,' I would love to do the death of Marcus Aurelius in the snow. One morning I woke up, and it was really snowing.
I shall begin my march for Camp tomorrow morning. It was not in my power to move until I could procure shoes for the troops almost barefoot.
I was a sophomore in college, and I did an industrial video about how to use the Internet - that dates me! It was with John Turturro, somehow they had gotten John Turturro to do this thing, and I was so excited and so nervous I probably drank 10 cups of coffee that morning.
When we lost Bobby, I would wake up in the morning and think, 'He's OK. He's in Heaven, and he's with Jack and a lot of my brothers and sisters and my parents.' So it made it very easy to get through the day thinking he was OK.
I've always thought 'Today' is an iconic staple of morning life.
Early this morning, I signed my death warrant.
Talent wins games, but teamwork and intelligence wins championships.
The difference between stupidity and genius is that genius has its limits.
There is no great genius without some touch of madness.
Talent hits a target no one else can hit Genius hits a target no one else can see.
Intelligence is the ability to adapt to change.
A smart man makes a mistake, learns from it, and never makes that mistake again. But a wise man finds a smart man and learns from him how to avoid the mistake altogether.
Promise me you'll always remember: You're braver than you believe, and stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think.
Your intellect may be confused, but your emotions will never lie to you.
I believe alien life is quite common in the universe, although intelligent life is less so. Some say it has yet to appear on planet Earth.
Be as smart as you can, but remember that it is always better to be wise than to be smart.
I don't even call it violence when it's in self defense I call it intelligence.
Common sense is not so common.
Action is the real measure of intelligence.
Less intelligence capacity equals less safety.
Stupidity is infinitely more fascinating that intelligence. Intelligence has its limits while stupidity has none.
I think that intelligence is such a narrow branch of the tree of life - this branch of primates we call humans. No other animal, by our definition, can be considered intelligent. So intelligence can't be all that important for survival, because there are so many animals that don't have what we call intelligence, and they're surviving just fine.
What a distressing contrast there is between the radiant intelligence of the child and the feeble mentality of the average adult.
There are whole precincts of voters in this country whose united intelligence does not equal that of one representative American woman.
Genius might be the ability to say a profound thing in a simple way.
There are some ideas so wrong that only a very intelligent person could believe in them.
Everybody does what she needs. And if you want plastic surgery, and then you feel better, why not? There is no law. I've nothing against using something to help your beauty - but do it in a good way, with intelligence.
I think the political class in Berlin doesn't need to be supervised and monitored by intelligence services in order to find out what they're thinking. Just go to lunch with them, go to dinner with them, or read the papers.
When asked if I miss being in government, I usually try to lighten the moment by responding that I awake most days, read the paper, and then observe that, 'It's yet another great day to be the former director of the Central Intelligence Agency.'
Be what you are. This is the first step toward becoming better than you are.
Intelligence is the ability to take in information from the world and to find patterns in that information that allow you to organize your perceptions and understand the external world.
When a thought takes one's breath away, a grammar lesson seems an impertinence.
Don't leave home without your sword - your intellect.
You can use all the quantitative data you can get, but you still have to distrust it and use your own intelligence and judgment.
Philosophy is a battle against the bewitchment of our intelligence by means of language.
In the Fall of 1774 & Winter of 1775, I was one of upwards of thirty, chiefly mechanics, who formed ourselves into a committee for the purpose of watching the movements of the British soldiers, and gaining every intelligence of the movements of the Tories.
Our government is founded upon the intelligence of the people. I for one do not despair of the republic. I have great confidence in the virtue of the great majority of the people, and I cannot fear the result.
Being a unique superpower undermines the military intelligence of strategy. To think strategically, one has to imagine oneself in the enemy's place. If one cannot do this, it is impossible to foresee, to take by surprise, to outflank. Misinterpreting an enemy can lead to defeat. This is how empires fall.
Humanity I love you because when you're hard up you pawn your intelligence to buy a drink.
When AI approximates Machine Intelligence, then many online and computer-run RPGs will move towards actual RPG activity. Nonetheless, that will not replace the experience of 'being there,' any more than seeing a theatrical motion picture can replace the stage play.
I need to add that my work on multiple intelligences received a huge boost in 1995 when Daniel Goleman published his book on emotional intelligence. I am often confused with Dan. Initially, though Dan and I are longtime friends, this confusion irritated me.
By far, the greatest danger of Artificial Intelligence is that people conclude too early that they understand it.
I think art is not an ornament or refinement at the fringes of human intelligence, I think it's at the center. It's at the core.
The most significant moment in the course of intellectual development, which gives birth to the purely human forms of practical and abstract intelligence, occurs when speech and practical activity, two previously completely independent lines of development, converge.
You have to talk about 'The Terminator' if you're talking about artificial intelligence. I actually think that that's way off. I don't think that an artificially intelligent system that has superhuman intelligence will be violent. I do think that it will disrupt our culture.
We regard intelligence as man's main characteristic and we know that there is no superiority which intelligence cannot confer on us, no inferiority for which it cannot compensate.
Advertising: the science of arresting the human intelligence long enough to get money from it.
All of our intelligence agencies, our Department of Defense, are all working to meet this threat. But it's a fast moving world; it's a place where offense is easier than defense, and keeping up with the next innovation in cyber-warfare is an enormous challenge.
The universe is an intelligence test.
People don't want to believe that technology is broken. Pharmaceuticals, robotics, artificial intelligence, nanotechnology - all these areas where the progress has been a lot more limited than people think. And the question is why.
I'm a big advocate of financial intelligence.
I think intelligence is totally subjective it's like sexiness.
Anything that could give rise to smarter-than-human intelligence - in the form of Artificial Intelligence, brain-computer interfaces, or neuroscience-based human intelligence enhancement - wins hands down beyond contest as doing the most to change the world. Nothing else is even in the same league.
In these troubled, uncertain times, we don't need more command and control; we need better means to engage everyone's intelligence in solving challenges and crises as they arise.
We admire elephants in part because they demonstrate what we consider the finest human traits: empathy, self-awareness, and social intelligence. But the way we treat them puts on display the very worst of human behavior.
We should take care not to make the intellect our god; it has, of course, powerful muscles, but no personality.
I have yet to meet members of a leadership team who I thought lacked the intelligence or the domain expertise required to be successful. I've met many, however, who failed to foster organizational health. Their companies were riddled with politics, various forms of dysfunction, and general confusion about their direction and mission.
Humans have always used our intelligence and creativity to improve our existence. After all, we invented the wheel, discovered how to make fire, invented the printing press and found a vaccine for polio.
The sign of an intelligent people is their ability to control their emotions by the application of reason.
I'm an optimist in the sense that I believe humans are noble and honorable, and some of them are really smart. I have a very optimistic view of individuals.
When I see a dolphin, I know it's just as smart as I am.
The original PATRIOT Act greatly increased our nation's ability to share intelligence information, made better use of technology, and provided terrorism investigators tools that have long been available in cases involving illegal drugs and organized crime.
Bottom line is, I didn't return to Apple to make a fortune. I've been very lucky in my life and already have one. When I was 25, my net worth was $100 million or so. I decided then that I wasn't going to let it ruin my life. There's no way you could ever spend it all, and I don't view wealth as something that validates my intelligence.
We live in worlds that we have forged and composed. It's much more true than any of the species that you see. I mean, it seems to me that one of the most distinctive features of human intelligence is the capacity to imagine, to project out of our own immediate circumstances and to bring to mind things that aren't present here and now.
So far as I can remember, there is not one word in the Gospels in praise of intelligence.
I ultimately got into robotics because for me, it was the best way to study intelligence.
Artificial intelligence, in fact, is obviously an intelligence transmitted by conscious subjects, an intelligence placed in equipment. It has a clear origin, in fact, in the intelligence of the human creators of such equipment.
Our bodies are shaped to bear children, and our lives are a working out of the processes of creation. All our ambitions and intelligence are beside that great elemental point.
These little grey cells. It is up to them.
The woman who thinks she is intelligent demands equal rights with men. A woman who is intelligent does not.
Man is the most intelligent of the animals - and the most silly.
Genius is more often found in a cracked pot than in a whole one.
Genius ain't anything more than elegant common sense.
It's a poor sort of memory that only works backwards.
Man knows so much and does so little.
We all have a common goal, and we know it's all for our future good.
To a father, when a child dies, the future dies; to a child when a parent dies, the past dies.
The future isn't just a place you'll go. It's a place you will invent.
The Christian of the future will be a mystic or he will not exist at all.
I do believe the most important thing I can do now is to help young people understand the past and prepare for the future.
I'd say I'm a bit antimadridista although I do not know where my future will be, but it's a team that I never liked. I get the impression that it is an arrogant club, about how the players are. Without humility, you cannot get anywhere.
The future is now.
In all my life and in the future, I will always be a faithful and loyal servant to all of my compatriots.
The future is as bright as the promises of .
The fact is that all writers create their precursors. Their work modifies our conception of the past, just as it is bound to modify the future.
Happy is the person who knows what to remember of the past, what to enjoy in the present, and what to plan for in the future.
This ought to be a season for cooperation in terms of pushing our economy forward, job creation, steadying the middle class, and laying the groundwork for a better future. And that's what we want to work on with Republicans and Democrats.
Ensuring a bright future for all our children is the responsibility of the community, the schools, families and like it or not- politicians as well.
I always felt like my future was at stake every time I stepped on stage and that was kind of hair-raising. At some point I just went, don't be frightened, you can't do anything wrong, it's your show.
In exile, I have tried to profit by the past and prepare for the future.
In charting our course to the future, we are mindful of our path from the past.
We cannot win the future, expand the economy and spur job creation if we are saddled with increasingly growing deficits. That is why the president's budget is a comprehensive and responsible plan that will put us on a path toward fiscal sustainability in the next few years - a down payment toward tackling our challenges in the long term.
I never think too far into the future. I'm too busy thinking about tomorrow's news.
Through the Fellows Program, Acumen Fund prepares future global leaders with the tools necessary to drive significant social change.
When you get just a complete sense of blackness or void ahead of you, that somehow the future looks an impossible place to be, and the direction you are going seems to have no purpose, there is this word despair which is a very awful thing to feel.
I can look at the future with anticipation. And it's comforting to know that someday, as Christians, we'll be able to look back and have a little more clarity on why certain things in life happened.
The task of a university is the creation of the future, so far as rational thought and civilized modes of appreciation can affect the issue.
There are times when even the most potent governor must wink at transgression, in order to preserve the laws inviolate for the future.
There are no limits to our future if we don't put limits on our people.
The man who comes up with a means for doing or producing almost anything better, faster or more economically has his future and his fortune at his fingertips.
The future is too interesting and dangerous to be entrusted to any predictable, reliable agency. We need all the fallibility we can get. Most of all, we need to preserve the absolute unpredictability and total improbability of our connected minds. That way we can keep open all the options, as we have in the past.
Life is going to be complex, and the only way we're able navigate our way through it at all is by living as best we can and absorbing those experiences and somehow making intuitive responses in future situations that resemble them in some way.
Nationalist, anti-European, anti-immigrant, anti-Muslim public political figures, seem a worrying picture of a possible European future. We could still fall back into pre-Europe... and it worries me.
Sooner and later you will see great changes made, dreadful horrors and vengeances. For as the Moon is thus led by its angel, the heavens draw near to the Balance.
What kind of town do we want in the future, and how are we going to plan on that?
Stephen King in many respects is a wonderful writer. He has made a contribution. People in the future will be able to pick up Stephen King's books and learn a lot about who we were by reading those books.
The truth is my idea has been to always stay at Barcelona and see out the rest of my career here. Like I always say, one doesn't know what can happen in the future, but if it were up to me to decide, I would stay at Barcelona for the rest of my career.
One faces the future with one's past.
A speculator is a man who observes the future, and acts before it occurs.
Run to meet the future or it's going to run you down.
When thinking about the future, it is fashionable to be pessimistic. Yet the evidence unequivocally belies such pessimism. Over the past centuries, humanity's lot has improved dramatically - in the developed world, where it is rather obvious, but also in the developing world, where life expectancy has more than doubled in the past 100 years.
What else does anxiety about the future bring you but sorrow upon sorrow?
No one's played on the moon yet. No one's played in zero gravity. Some bands have played at the Pyramids of Giza, but we'd very much like to do that in the near future.
So at some point you realize that your life is not just going to start one day in the future, that you're living it.
The wave of the future is coming and there is no fighting it.
The road to the future leads us smack into the wall. We simply ricochet off the alternatives that destiny offers. Our survival is no more than a question of 25, 50 or perhaps 100 years.
I have been over into the future, and it works.
Fascism, the more it considers and observes the future and the development of humanity, quite apart from political considerations of the moment, believes neither in the possibility nor the utility of perpetual peace.
But I dare not think too far into the future on the risk that I'll miss the present.
I feel often that we don't have the right language to talk about emotions in disasters. Everyone is on edge, of course, but it also pulls people away from a lot of trivial anxieties and past and future concerns and gratuitous preoccupations that we have, and refocuses us in a very intense way.
I think the future takes care of itself.
Doctors, dressed up in one professional costume or another, have been in busy practice since the earliest records of every culture on earth. It is hard to think of a more dependable or enduring occupation, harder still to imagine any future events leading to its extinction.
Something I've realized lately, to my shock, is that I am an optimist, in that I think humans are almost infinitely capable of self-change and self-modification, and that we really can build the future that we want if we're smart about it.
I'm a big laser believer - I really think they are the wave of the future.
Our choices are going to determine the future for our children, our children's children, and their children. I take that responsibility very seriously.
With the continued support of citizens who refuse to accept inaction at the expense of future generations, we will lead the world toward a sustainable future.
What we are doing to the future of our children, and the other species on the planet, is a clear moral issue.
One of India's biggest advantages is our young demographic and that we have a youthful population that is indeed our future.
I'm not a prophet; I can only use historical reality to come to a view of the future, and my view is that Africa will return to being African and not European. The advent of colonialism was foreign to the country itself, but it will return to what it was before the Europeans arrived.
I am a forward-looking person and live in the moment to build for the future.
I always read about these stories of entrepreneurs - it's like they're in the desert with no water, and they're the ones that survive. But I've been really fortunate to have people on my team who are optimistic about the future and who know that if you work through hard times that there's usually something good at the end.
We know that often holding those who have carried out mass atrocities accountable is at times our best tool to prevent future atrocities.
Just as we have the power to harm the ocean, we have the power to put in place policies and modify our own behavior in ways that would be an insurance policy for the future of the sea, for the creatures there, and for us, protecting special critical areas in the ocean.
For the sake of future generations, we must continue to work together to realise a world without nuclear weapons.
My hunch is that pop culture began to stagnate the moment Americans started to love the past more than they did the future.
I don't know what the future holds, but I have to be confident about it. It's just the way I am.
If out of concern over cloning, the U.S. Congress succeeds in criminalizing embryonic stem-cell research that might bring treatments for Alzheimer's disease or diabetes - and Dr. Fukuyama lent his name to a petition that supported such laws - there would be real victims: present and future sufferers of those diseases.
A forecasting game is a kind of simulation, a kind of scenario, a kind of teleconference, a kind of artifact from the future - and more - that enlists the participants as 'first-person forecasters.'
All sciences are now under the obligation to prepare the ground for the future task of the philosopher, which is to solve the problem of value, to determine the true hierarchy of values.
Philosophy finds it an easy matter to vanquish past and future evils, but the present are commonly too hard for it.
I haven't been faithful to my own advice in the past. I will in the future.
Planning ahead is a measure of class. The rich and even the middle class plan for future generations, but the poor can plan ahead only a few weeks or days.
I think that we're living in a time where there are trillion-dollar opportunities that never existed before.
Why not invest in the future of music, instead of building fortresses to preserve its past?
Anything you're trying to will is focused on the future it's always associated with some sort of anxiety that makes the present moment somewhat uncomfortable. 
We steal if we touch tomorrow. It is 's.
We always project into the future or reflect in the past, but we are so little in the present.
It's very important that historic cities are allowed to reinvent their future.
Inspiring scenes of people taking the future of their countries into their own hands will ignite greater demands for good governance and political reform elsewhere in the world, including in Asia and in Africa.
What appeals to me? There are things, points of view, uses of the language, habits of dress, ways of thought and believing that came to me from my grandparents and came to them from theirs. Things that are of good use in any situation, no matter what the future may hold.
We know from chaos theory that even if you had a perfect model of the world, you'd need infinite precision in order to predict future events. With sociopolitical or economic phenomena, we don't have anything like that.
I'm not much for sitting around and thinking about the past or talking about the past. What does that accomplish? If I can give young people something to think about, like the future, that's a better use of my time.
To me, living in the present means being aware of your conscious choice to focus on the past, present or future - it is not necessarily having to focus on the present.
I have no plans, and no plans to plan.
I really don't spend time thinking about the past. I think about the future. I'm not stopping.
. As my dad said 'Nic, it is what it is, it's not what it should have been, not what it could have been, it is what it is.'
We can continue to try and clean up the gutters all over the world and spend all of our resources looking at just the dirty spots and trying to make them clean. Or we can lift our eyes up and look into the skies and move forward in an evolutionary way.
If you don't focus on the future generation, it means you are destroying your country.
I believe the future is only the past again, entered through another gate.
If we have to use force, it is because we are America. We are the indispensable nation. We stand tall. We see further into the future.
We are the only beings on the planet who lead such rich internal lives that it's not the events that matter most to us, but rather, it's how we interpret those events that will determine how we think about ourselves and how we will act in the future.
The educator must above all understand how to wait; to reckon all effects in the light of the future, not of the present.
The mind that is anxious about the future is miserable.
The ultimate function of prophecy is not to tell the future, but to make it. Your successful past will block your visions of the future.
The dynamics of capitalism is postponement of enjoyment to the constantly postponed future.
Man spends his life in reasoning on the past, in complaining of the present, in fearing future.
All along the untrodden paths of the future, I can see the footprints of an unseen hand.
You will see - in the future, I will live by my watercolors.
Arnold has succeeded at every level, and I believe he is the only person that can unite the people of this state and lead California from its current dysfunctional condition to the bright future that all residents long for.
We believe that an Iraqi founding national assembly, freely elected, must decide the future of Iraq.
But I'm not imaginative. I couldn't look into the future, like Star Wars or Robots or anything like that.
I did not know what my future was going to hold.
Why do people so love to wander? I think the civilized parts of the World will suffice for me in the future.
Some people would say my paintings show a future world and maybe they do, but I paint from reality. I put several things and ideas together, and perhaps, when I have finished, it could show the future.
We are quite open, however, to looking at acquisitions and there are opportunities that we periodically consider. and I think that may be something we do in the future, but I must say that there is no commitment to that at the present time in any form or size.
So I try not to look too far into the future because I think that everything happens and will happen for a reason.
Instead of causing us to remember the past like the old monuments, the new monuments seem to cause us to forget the future.
You will attract the younger generation and they might well prove tougher than the older generation. What we are trying to do is to look at the future and see what we can do to bring some stability back to people's lives.
It's been a difficult thing because some great opportunities have come and I've just been holding my breath and praying... I'm basically gambling hoping something will come along this season and if not, I don't know what the future holds.
Whatever help we may want from the international community now or in the future, we want to make sure that this help is tailored to help our people to help themselves.
I found, when I left, that there were others who felt the same way. We'd meet, they'd come and seek me out, we'd talk about the future. And I found that their depression and pessimism was every bit as acute as mine.
The future is today.
This is my future and I will take personal responsibility for making sure all competition requirements are met.
So while I was in college I did a little study on the freight industry, the air freight industry. And I looked at this company called Flying Tiger. And I actually put a thousand dollars in it and I remember I thought this air cargo was going to be a thing of the future.
Conventional agriculture has never succeeded in feeding the world, and it's never produced anything good to eat. For the future, we need to look toward alternatives.
Predictions are preposterous.
The most basic task of any museum must be the protection of works of cultural significance entrusted to its care for the edification and pleasure of future generations.
Courage is doing what you're afraid to do. There can be no courage unless you're scared.
Courage is being scared to death ... and saddling up anyway.
You look at a guy who's being brave. He's afraid  or he wouldn't be brave. If he isn't afraid  he's stupid.
To fight a bull when you are not scared is nothing. And to not fight a bull when you are scared is nothing. But to fight a bull when you are scared is something.
Being "brave" means doing or facing something frightening. ... Being "fearless" means being without fear.
It takes courage to know when you ought to be afraid.
Everyone thought I was bold and fearless and even arrogant  but inside I was always quaking.
Perfect courage means doing unwitnessed what we would be capable of with the world looking on.
Fear is the single strongest motivating force in our lives. ... The more frightened you become  the better your chances of achieving success.
Bravery is the capacity to perform properly even when scared half to death. -General Omar N. Bradley This morning I threw up at a board meeting. I was sure the cat was out of the bag  but no one seemed to think anything about it  apparently it's quite common for people to throw up at board meetings.
I'm a real pussycat-with an iron tail.
Bravery is being the only one who knows you're afraid.
Necessity makes even the timid brave.
Necessity does the work of courage.
I became more courageous by doing the very things I needed to be courageous for-first  a little  and badly. Then  bit by bit  more and better. Being avidly-sometimes annoy-ingly-curious and persistent about discovering how others were doing what I wanted to do.
When it comes to the pinch  human beings are heroic.
Many become brave when brought to bag.
Courage mounteth with occasion.
When you have no choice  mobilize the spirit of courage.
Courage is sustained by calling up anew the vision of the goal.
Women have to summon up courage to fulfill dormant dreams.
Courage is like love  it must have hope for nourishment.
Optimism is the foundation of courage.
I would often be a coward  but for the shame of it.
At the bottom of a good deal of bravery ... lurks a miserable cowardice. Men will face powder and steel because they cannot face public opinion.
We would be cowards  if we had courage enough.
A coward's fear can make a coward valiant.
Courage is as often the outcome of despair as of hope  in the one case we have nothing to lose  in the other everything to gain.
Despair gives courage to a coward.
No one has yet computed how many imaginary triumphs are silently celebrated by people each year to keep up their courage.
I'm not afraid of too many things  and I got that invincible kind of attitude from my father.
Courage is the fear of being thought a coward.
How  then  find the courage for action? By slipping a little into unconsciousness  spontaneity  instinct which holds one to the earth and dictates the relatively good and useful. ... By accepting the human condition more simply  and candidly  by dreading troubles less  calculating less  hoping more.
It takes courage to live-courage and strength and hope and humor. And courage and strength and hope and humor have to be bought and paid for with pain and work and prayers and tears.
Courage that grows from constitution often forsakes a man ... courage which arises from a sense of duty acts in a uniform manner.
He who knows how to suffer everything can dare everything.
Courage does not always march to airs blown by a bugle  it is not always wrought out of the fabric ostentation wears.
We learn courageous action by going forward whenever fear urges us back.
The paradox of courage is that a man must be a little careless of his life in order to keep it.
All men are afraid in battle. The coward is the one who lets his fear overcome his sense of duty. Duty is the essence of manhood.
Courage isrequired not only in a person's occasional crucial decision for his own freedom  but in the little hour-to-hour decisions which place the bricks in the structure of his building of himself into a person who acts with freedom and responsibility.
Courage does not consist in calculation  but in fighting against chances.
Courage is its own reward.
Courage is the price that life exacts for granting peace.
Courage is a kind of salvation.
Courage is grace under pressure.
Courage is the lovely virtue-the rib of Himself that  sent down to His children.
Courage is the integrating strength that causes one to overcome tragedy.
Courage is almost a contradiction in terms. It means a strong desire to live taking the form of readiness to die.
Courage is the virtue which champions the cause of right.
Courage is generosity of the highest order  for the brave are prodigal of the most precious things.
Courage is clearly a readiness to risk self-humiliation.
Courage is fire  and bullying is smoke.
Courage consists of the power of self-recovery.
Courage is a virtue only so far as it is directed by prudence.
Courage is a quality so necessary for maintaining virtue that it is always respected even when it is associated with vice.
Courage is the footstool of the Virtues  upon which they stand.
Courage is to feel the daily daggers of relentless steel and keep on living.
Courage is what preserves our liberty  safety  life  and our homes and parents  our country and children. Courage comprises all things.
Courage is a peculiar kind of fear.
There is plenty of courage among us for the abstract  but not for the concrete.
Every man has his own courage  and is betrayed because he seeks in himself the courage of other persons.
If we have the courage and tenacity of our forebears  who stood firmly like a rock against the lash of slavery  we shall find a way to do for our day what they did for theirs.
If you are brave too often  people will come to expect it of you.
The best protection any woman can have ... is courage.
Valor is a gift. Those having it never know for sure if they have it till the test comes. And those having it in one test never know for sure if they will have it when the next test comes.
Until the day of his death  no man can be sure of his courage.
Among wellborn spirits courage does not depend on age.
Courage can't see around corners  but goes around them anyway.
Freedom is not for the timid.
Courage easily finds its own eloquence.
In true courage there is always an element of choice  of an ethical choice  and of anguish  and also of action and deed. There is always a flame of spirit in it  a vision of some necessity higher than oneself.
But screw your courage to the sticking place and we'll not fail.
Courage is always the surest wisdom.
Courage is very important. Like a muscle  it is strengthened by use.
There are some women who seem to be born without fear  just as there are people who are born without the ability to feel pain. ... Providence appears to protect such women  maybe out of astonishment.
On many of the great issues of our time  men have lacked wisdom because they have lacked courage.
Catch courage.
If you are scared to go to the brink  you are lost.
It takes courage to lead a life. Any life.
Nothing is as valuable to a man as courage.
I'd rather give my life than be afraid to give it.
The only courage that matters is the kind that gets you from one moment to the next.
Courage ought to have eyes as well as arms.
Sorrow is a fruit.  does not allow it to grow on a branch that is too weak to bear it.
The will of  will not take you where the grace of  cannot keep you.
Act  and  will act.
So when the crisis is upon you  remember that   like a trainer of wrestlers  has matched you with a tough and stalwart antagonist... that you may prove a victor at the Great Games.
Act boldly and unseen forces will come to your aid.
What  expects us to attempt  He also enables us to achieve.
 gave burdens  also shoulders.
With them I gladly shared my all and learned the great truth that where  guides  He provides.
The Bible tells us that a sparrow does not fall without 's notice. I know he will help us meet our responsibilities through his guidance.
Leap  and the net will appear.
Cowards falter  but danger is often overcome by those who nobly dare.
 gives us always strength enough  and sense enough  for everything He wants us to do.
Fatalism is a lazy man's way of accepting the inevitable.
In this unbelievable universe in which we live  there are no absolutes. Even parallel lines  reaching into infinity  meet somewhere yonder.
Instead of looking at life as a narrowing funnel  we can see it ever widening to choose the things we want to do  to take the wisdom we've learned and create something.
Nothing befalls a man except what is in his nature to endure.
Life only demands from you the strength you possess.
Everyone will be taxed according to his means.
I discovered I always have choices and sometimes it's only a choice of attitude.
The burden is equal to the horse's strength.
Experience shows that exceptions are as true as rules.
What we call reality is an agreement that people have arrived at to make their lives more livable.
All we are asked to bear we can bear. That is a law of the spiritual life. The only hindrance to the working of this law  as of all benign laws  is fear.
When it comes to the pinch  human beings are heroic.
The incurable ills are the imaginary ills
However confused the scene of our life appears  however torn we may be who now do face that scene  it can be faced  and we can go on to be whole.
A change of heart is the essence of all other change  and it has brought about me a reeducation of the mind.
The human spirit is stronger than anything that can happen to it.
What one has to do usually can be done.
Man performs and engenders so much more than he can or should have to bear. That's how he finds that he can bear anything.
If you have enough fantasies  you're ready  in the event that something happens.
The peril of the hour moved the British to tremendous exertions  just as always in a moment of extreme danger things can be done which had previously been thought impossible. Mortal danger is an effective antidote for fixed ideas.
We all carry it within us: supreme strength  the fullness of wisdom  unquenchable joy. It is never thwarted  and cannot be destroyed.
Within us all there are wells of thought and dynamos of energy which are not suspected until emergencies arise. Then oftentimes we find that it is comparatively simple to double or triple our former capacities and to amaze ourselves by the results achieved.
The spirit of man is an inward flame  a lamp the world blows upon but never puts out.
We have what we seek. It is there all the time  and if we give it time  it will make itself known to us.
Truth is not introduced into the individual from without  but was within him all the time.
Nature arms each man with some faculty which enables him to do easily some feat impossible to any other.
When we know what we want to prove  we go out and find our facts. They are always there.
Nature reacts not only to physical disease  but also to moral weakness  when the danger increases  she gives us greater courage.
rouble creates a capacity to handle it.
Trouble  like the hill ahead  straightens out when you advance upon it.
In the darkest hour the soul is replenished and given strength to continue and endure.
Our energy is in proportion to the resistance it meets. We attempt nothing great but from a sense of the difficulties we have to encounter  we persevere in nothing great but from a pride in overcoming them.
We shall draw from the heart of suffering itself the means of inspiration and survival.
Exigencies create the necessary ability to meet and conquer them.
The moment one definitely commits oneself  then Providence moves too. All sorts of things occur to help that would never otherwise have occurred. A stream of events issues from the decision  raising unforeseen incidents and meetings and material assistance  which no man could have dreamt would have come his way.
In forty hours I shall be in battle  with little information  and on the spur of the moment will have to make the most momentous decisions. But I believe that one's spirit enlarges with responsibility and that  with 's help  I shall make them  and make them right.
Often the test of courage is not to die but to live.
A man of courage is also full of faith.
When moral courage feels that it is in the right  there is no personal daring of which it is incapable.
Fortune and Love befriend the bold.
Women and men of retiring timidity are cowardly only in dangers which affect themselves  but the first to rescue when others are endangered.
Hail  Caesar  those who are about to die salute thee.
The small courtesies sweeten life  the greater ennoble it.
A moral  sensible  and well-bred man Will not affront me  and no other can.
He who fights and runs away May live to fight another day. But he who is in battle slain  Can never rise to fight again.
A cowardly act! What do I care about that? You may be sure that I should never fear to commit one if it were to my advantage.
A cowardly cur barks more fiercely than it bites.
All men would be cowards if they durst.
One who in a perilous emergency thinks with his legs.
Personal liberty is the paramount essential to human dignity and human happiness.
Hereditary boundsmen! Know ye not Who would be free themselves must strike the blow?
And Freedom shrieked as Kosciusko fell!
In a free country there is much clamor  with little suffering  in a despotic state there is little complaint  with much grievance.
For what avail the plough or sail  Or land  or life  if freedom fail?
Ay  call it holy ground  The soil where first they trod  They have left unstained  what there they found  -  Freedom to worship .
In the beauty of the lilies Christ was born across the sea  With a glory in His bosom that transfigures you and me  As He died to make men holy  let us die to make men free  While  is marching on.
I am for freedom of religion and against all maneuvers to bring about a legal ascendancy of one sect over another.
And ye shall know the truth  and the truth shall make you free.
Those who deny freedom to others deserve it not for themselves and under a just  cannot long retain it.
... That this nation  under   shall have a new birth of freedom.
Since the general civilization of mankind I believe there are more instances of the abridgement of the freedom of the people by gradual and silent encroachments of those in power than by violent and sudden usurpations.
The only freedom which deserves the name is that of pursuing our own good in our own way  so long as we do not attempt to deprive others of theirs or impede their efforts to obtain it.
We must be free or die  who speak the tongue That Shakespeare spake  the faith and morals hold Which Milton held.
No amount of political freedom will satisfy the hungry masses.
I would rather sit on a pumpkin  and have it all to myself  than to be crowded on a velvet cushion.
I never saw a Purple Cow  I never hope to see one: But I can tell you  anyhow I'd rather see than be one.
There was an old man who said  "How Shall I flee from this horrible cow? I will sit on this stile  and continue to smile  Which may soften the heart of that cow."
The reality is that changes are coming. ... They must come. You must share in bringing them.
After you've done a thing the same way for two years  look it over carefully. After five years  look at it with suspicion. And after ten years  throw it away and start all over.
All that philosophers have done is interpret the world in different ways. It is our job to change it.
Christians are supposed not merely to endure change  nor even to profit by it  but to cause it.
If you have no will to change it  you have no right to criticize it.
Changes are not predictable  but to deny them is to be an accomplice to one's own unnecessary vegetation.
We must learn to view change as a natural phenomenon-to anticipate it and to plan for it. The future is ours to channel in the direction we want to go ... we must continually ask ourselves  "What will happen if ... ?" or better still  "How can we make it happen?"
One must change one's tactics every ten years if one wishes to maintain one's superiority.
New things cannot come where there is no room.
The important thing is this: to be able at any moment to sacrifice what we are for what we could become.
When patterns are broken  new worlds emerge.
One must lose one's life in order to find it.
This Mouse must give up one of his Mouse ways of seeing things in order that he may grow.
Compromise  if not the spice of life  is its solidity.
The only alternative to war is peace and the only road to peace is negotiations.
Every one should keep a mental wastepaper basket and the older he grows the more things he will consign to it-torn up to irrecoverable tatters.
Unless one says goodbye to what one loves  and unless one travels to completely new territories  one can expect merely a long wearing away of oneself and an eventual extinction.
"How does one become a butterfly?" she asked pensively. "You must want to fly so much that you are willing to give up being a caterpillar."
No matter how far you have gone on a wrong road  turn back.
Duration is not a test of true or false.
It is only an error in judgement to make a mistake  but it shows infirmity of character to adhere to it when discovered.
If you board the wrong train  it is no use running along the corridor in the other direction.
It's never too late-in fiction or in life-to revise.
Any path is only a path  and there is no affront  to oneself or to others  in dropping it if that is what your heart tells you.
There is a time for departure even when there's no certain place to go.
Being stuck is a position few of us like. We want something new but cannot let go of the old-old ideas  beliefs  habits  even thoughts. We are out of contact with our own genius. Sometimes we know we are stuck  sometimes we don't. In both cases we have to do something.
My success was not based so much on any great intelligence but on great common sense.
Lose yourself wholly  and the more you lose  the more you will find.
Heroes take journeys  confront dragons  and discover the treasure of their true selves.
Life's challenges are not supposed to paralyze you  they're supposed to help you discover who you are.
Just as we outgrow a pair of trousers  we outgrow acquaintances  libraries  principles  etc.  at times before they're worn out and times-and this is the worst of all-before we have new ones.
It is best to learn as we go  not go as we have learned.
Those interested in perpetuating present conditions are always in tears about the marvelous past that is about to disappear  without having so much as a smile for the young future.
I will not change just to court popularity.
Innovation! One cannot be forever innovating. I want to create classics.
Have no fear of change as such and  on the other hand  no liking for it merely for its own sake.
If you want to stand out  don't be different  be outstanding.
The main dangers in this life are the people who want to change everything ... or nothing.
To change and to improve are two different things.
Our fathers valued change for the sake of its results  we value it in the act.
We must beware of needless innovations  especially when guided by logic.
All change is not growth  as all movement is not forward.
Just because everything is different doesn't mean anything has changed.
None are happy but by the anticipation of change. The change itself is nothing  when we have made it  the next wish is to change again.
We accept the verdict of the past until the need for change cries out loudly enough to force upon us a choice between the comforts of further inertia and the irksomeness of action.
To some will come a time when change itself is beauty  if not heaven.
Today is not yesterday  how can our works and thoughts  if they are always to be the fittest  continue always the same? Change  indeed  is painful  yet ever needful.
Security can only be achieved through constant change  through discarding old ideas that have outlived their usefulness and adapting others to current facts.
You had better be ready to change your mind when needed.
Loyalty to petrified opinion never yet broke a chain or freed a human soul.
They were so strong in their beliefs that there came a time when it hardly mattered what exactly those beliefs were  they all fused into a single stubbornness.
We are chameleons  and our partialities and prejudices change place with an easy and blessed facility.
Our firmest convictions are apt to be the most suspect  they mark our limitations and our bounds. Life is a petty thing unless it is moved by the indomitable urge to extend its boundaries.
It often takes more courage to change one's opinion than to stick to it.
All our final resolutions are made in a state of mind which is not going to last.
It's an ill plan that cannot be changed.
The death of dogma is the birth of reality.
If anyone accuses me of contradicting myself  I reply: Because I have been wrong once  or oftener  I do not aspire to be always wrong.
He who cannot change the very fabric of his thought will never be able to change reality.
It is in the uncompromisingness with which dogma is held  and not in the dogma or want of dogma  that the danger lies.
I wish to say what I think and feel today  with the proviso that tomorrow perhaps I shall contradict it all.
Progress is impossible without change  and those who cannot change their minds cannot change anything.
The most significant change in a person's life is a change of attitude. Right attitudes produce right actions.
You had better be ready to change your mind when needed  or your mind will change you.
The most fatal illusion is the settled point of view. Since life is growth and motion  a fixed point of view kills anybody who has one.
The world does not have to change.... The only thing that has to change is our attitude.
Oh  would that my mind could let fall its dead ideas  as the tree does its withered leaves!
Convictions are more dangerous enemies of truth than lies.
A foolish consistency is the hobgoblin of little minds  adored by little statesmen and philosophers and divines.
A man should never be ashamed to own that he has been in the wrong  which is but saying ... that he is wiser today than yesterday.
We have to live today by what truth we can get today and be ready tomorrow to call it falsehood.
It is well for people who think to change their minds occasionally in order to keep them clean. For those who do not think  it is best at least to rearrange their prejudices once in a while.
New opinions are always suspected  and usually opposed  without any other reason but because they are not already common.
Do I contradict myself? Very well then  I contradict myself (I am large  I contain multitudes).
I shall try to correct errors when shown to be errors  and I shall adopt new views so fast as they shall appear to be new views.
Contradiction is not a sign of falsity  nor the lack of contradiction a sign of truth.
My opinion is a view I hold until... well  until I find something that changes it.
He that never changes his opinions  and never corrects his mistakes  will never be wiser on the morrow than he is today.
Inconsistency is the only thing in which men are consistent.
There is nothing in this world constant but inconstancy.
Consistency is only suitable for ridicule.
The world is quite right. It does not have to be consistent.
The world's a scene of changes  and to be constant  in nature  is inconstancy.
We cannot remain consistent with the world save by growing inconsistent with our past selves.
Consistency is the last refuge of the unimaginative.
The world is quite right. It does not have to be consistent.
True consistency  that of the prudent and the wise  is to act in conformity with circumstances  and not to act always the same way under a change of circumstances.
Consistency is a paste jewel that only cheap men cherish.
Consistency requires you to be as ignorant today as you were a year ago.
Consistency is contrary to nature  contrary to life. The only completely consistent people are the dead.
There are those who would misteach us that to stick in a rut is consistency  and a virtue  and that to climb out of the rut is inconsistency  and a vice.
Too much consistency is as bad for the mind as for the body.
With consistency a great soul has simply nothing to do. ... Speak what you think today in words as hard as cannon balls  and tomorrow speak what tomorrow thinks in hard words again  though it contradicts everything you said today.
People who honestly mean to be true really contradict themselves much more rarely than those who try to be "consistent."
To be honest  one must be inconsistent.
The only man who can't change his mind is a man who hasn't got one.
Like all weak men  he laid an exaggerated stress on not changing one's mind.
Nothing should be permanent except struggle with the dark side within ourselves.
The foolish and the dead alone never change their opinion.
A fanatic is one who can't change his mind and won't change the subject.
The circumstances of the world are so variable that an irrevocable purpose or opinion is almost synonymous with a foolish one.
If in the last few years you haven't discarded a major opinion or acquired a new one  check your pulse. You may be dead.
A stiff attitude is one of the phenomena of rigor mortis.
Those who never retract their opinions love themselves more than they love truth.
It's the most unhappy people who most fear change.
Obstinacy and heat in sticking to one's opinions is the surest proof of stupidity. Is there anything so cocksure  so immovable  so disdainful  so contemplative  so solemn and serious as an ass?
The man who never alters his opinion is like standing water  and breeds reptiles of the mind.
When people are least sure  they are often most dogmatic.
A conclusion is a place where you got tired of thinking.
Only fools and dead men don't change their minds. Fools won't. Dead men can't.
The consistent thinker ... is either a walking mummy or else  if he has not succeeded in stifling all his vitality  a fanatical monomaniac.
Life is not a static thing. The only people who do not change their minds are incompetents in asylums  and those in cemeteries.
To hold the same views at forty as we held at twenty is to have been stupefied for a score of years and to take rank  not as a prophet  but as an unteachable brat  well birched and none the wiser.
To do things today exactly the way you did them yesterday saves thinking.
Any change  even a change for the better  is always accompanied by drawbacks and discomforts.
Old habits are strong and jealous.
Every new adjustment is a crisis in self-esteem.
Every new truth begins in a shocking heresy.
Birth is violent  whether it be the birth of a child or the birth of an idea.
Any truth creates a scandal.
Even in slight things the experience of the new is rarely without some stirring of foreboding.
Change is not made without inconvenience  even from worse to better.
All changes  even the most longed for  have their melancholy  for what we leave behind us is a part of ourselves  we must die to one life before we can enter into another.
The key to change ... is to let go of fear.
Tears are sometimes an inappropriate response to death. When a life has been lived completely honestly  completely successfully  or just completely  the correct response to death's perfect punctuation mark is a smile.
Since changes are going on anyway  the great thing is to learn enough about them so that we will be able to lay hold of them and turn them in the direction of our desires. Condi-tions and events are neither to be fled from nor passively acquiesced in  they are to be utilized and directed.
He that has energy enough to root out a vice should go further  and try to plant a virtue in its place.
To change skins  evolve into new cycles  I feel one has to learn to discard. If one changes internally  one should not continue to live with the same objects. They reflect one's mind and psyche of yesterday. I throw away what has no dynamic  living use.
Today changes must come fast  and we must adjust our mental habits  so that we can accept comfortably the idea of stopping one thing and beginning another overnight.... We must assume that there is probably a better way to do almost everything. We must stop assuming that a thing which has never been done before probably cannot be done at all.
We must therefore take account of this changeable nature of things and of human institutions  and prepare for them with enlightened foresight.
You don't have to be afraid of change. You don't have to worry about what's being taken away. Just look to see what's been added.
When you're stuck in a spiral  to change all aspects of the spin you need only to change one thing.
The first step toward change is acceptance. Once you accept yourself  you open the door to change. That's all you have to do. Change is not something you do  it's something you allow.
The more things change  the more they remain the same.
Things good in themselves ... perfectly valid in the integrity of their origins  become fetters if they cannot alter.
Change lays her hand not upon the truth.
The spectacle has changed  but our eyes remain the same.
Change is the constant  the signal for rebirth  the egg of the phoenix.
Change is what people fear most.
Change means the unknown.
Nature's mighty law is change.
A human being does not cease to exist at death. It is change  not destruction  which takes place.
The old order changeth yielding place to new  and  fulfills himself in many ways.
The only people in the world who can change things are those who can sell ideas.
Everybody thinks of changing humanity and nobody thinks of changing himself.
One person's constant is another person's variable.
The mill wheel turns  it turns forever  though what is uppermost remains not so.
It's a bad plan that can't be changed.
In a way  winter is the real spring  the time when the inner things happen  the resurge of nature.
Mourning is not forgetting. ... It is an undoing. Every minute tie has to be untied and something permanent and valuable recovered and assimilated from the dust.
It is never any good dwelling on goodbyes. It is not the being together that it prolongs  it is the parting.
Such is the state of life that none are happy but by the anticipation of change. The change itself is nothing. When we have made it  the next wish is to change again.
New links must be forged as old ones rust.
The hearts of great men can be changed.
You cannot step twice into the same river  for other waters are continually flowing on.
A man's fortune must first be changed from within.
One change always leaves the way open for the establishment of others.
There is danger in reckless change  but greater danger in blind conservatism.
Without imagination  nothing is dangerous.
Everything in life that we really accept undergoes a change.
The moment of change is the only poem.
I have accepted fear as a part of life-specifically the fear of change. ... I have gone ahead despite the pounding in the heart that says: turn back. ...
As we learn we always change  and so our perception. This changed perception then becomes a new Teacher inside each of us.
We are restless because of incessant change  but we would be frightened if change were stopped.
One must be thrust out of a finished cycle in life  and that leap is the most difficult to make-to part with one's faith  one's love  when one would prefer to renew the faith and recreate the passion.
When one door of happiness closes  another opens  but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one which has been opened for us.
If you want to make enemies  try to change something.
  grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change  the courage to change the things I can  and the wisdom to know the difference.
Whenever man comes up with a better mousetrap  nature immediately comes up with a better mouse.
Musical comedies aren't written  they are re-written.
I see the playwright as a lay preacher peddling the ideas of his time in popular form.
The art of creation is older than the art of killing.
Human Salvation lies in the hands of the creatively maladjusted.
In the creative state a man is taken out of himself. He lets down as it were a bucket into his subconscious  and draws up something which is normally beyond his reach. He mixes this thing with his normal experiences and out of the mixture he makes a work of art.
I do not seek. I find.
The creation of a thousand forests is in one acorn.
The life of the creative man is led  directed and controlled by boredom. Avoiding boredom is one of our most important purposes.
An artist is a creature driven by demons. He doesn't know why they choose him and he's usually too busy to wonder why.
No artist is ahead of his time. He is his time. It is just that others are behind the time.
Doodling is the brooding of the hand.
I am a choreographer. A choreographer is a poet. I do not create.  creates. I assemble  and I will steal from everywhere to do it.
Workaholics are energized rather than enervated by their work - their energy paradoxically expands as it is expended.
You lose it if you talk about it.
In creating  the only hard thing's to begin  A grass-blade's no easier to make than an oak.
I can always be distracted by love  but eventually I get horny for my creativity.
The End of every maker is himself.
Now I really make the little idea from clay  and I hold it in my hand. I can turn it  look at it from underneath  see it from one view  hold it against the sky  imagine it any size I like  and really be in control  almost like  creating something.
No matter how old you get  if you can keep the desire to be creative  you're keeping the man-child alive.
What is originality? Undetected plagiarism.
Originality is nothing but judicious imitation.
A hunch is creativity trying to tell you something.
Style is a simple way of saying complicated things.
What another would have done as well as you  do not do it. What another would have said as well as you  do not say it. What another would have written as well  do not write it. Be faithful to that which exists nowhere but in yourself- and thus make yourself indispensable.
It seems that the creative faculty and the critical faculty cannot exist together in their highest perfection.
I must create a system or be enslaved by another man's. I will not reason and compare  My business is to create.
In the beginning  created the Heaven and the earth. And the earth was without form  and void  and darkness was upon the face of the deep. And the Spirit of  moved upon the face of the waters. And  said  Let there be light  and there was light.
Nature they say  doth dote  And cannot make a man Save on some worn-out plan  Repeating us by rote.
All are but parts of one stupendous whole  Whose body Nature is  and  the soul.
It is easier to suppose that the universe has existed from all eternity than to conceive a Being beyond its limits capable of creating it.
The world embarrasses me  and I cannot dream That this watch exists and has no watchmaker.
 is in the world  or nowhere  creating continually in us and around us. Insofar as man partakes of this creative process does he partake of the divine  of   and that participation is his immortality ....
You were placed on this earth to create  not to compete.
Every moment of your life is infinitely creative and the universe is endlessly bountiful. )ust put forth a clear enough request  and everything your heart truly desires must come to you.
There is no greater joy than that of feeling oneself a creator. The triumph of life is expressed by creation.
Creativity is a central source of meaning in our lives . . . most of the things that are interesting  important  and human are the results of creativity . . . when we are involved in it  we feel that we are living more fully than during the rest of life.
Creativeness often consists of merely turning up what is already there.
A hunch is creativity trying to tell you something.
I saw an angel in the block of marble and I just chiseled 'til I set him free.
In creating  the only hard thing's to begin  A grass-blade's no easier to make than an oak.
No matter how old you get  if you can keep the desire to be creative  you're keeping the man-child alive.
It is the child in man that is the source of his uniqueness and creativeness  and the playground is the optimal milieu for the unfolding of his capacities.
Many times we will get more ideas and better ideas in two hours of creative loafing than in eight hours at a desk.
If you are seeking creative ideas  go out walking. Angels whisper to a man when he goes for a walk.
In  we trust  all others must pay cash.
He that hath lost his credit is dead to the world.
No man's credit is as good as his money.
Ah  take the cash  and let the credit go.
Better be too credulous than too skeptical
Let us believe neither half of the good people tell us of ourselves  nor half the evil they say of others.
I wish I was as sure of anything as Macaulay is of everything.
A small demerit extinguishes a long service.
And the thing has been said and said well  have no scruple. Take it and copy it.
Jupiter is slow looking into his notebook  but he always looks.
The number of malefactors authorizes not the crime.
No one is entirely useless. Even the worst of us can serve as horrible examples.
The faults of the burglar are the qualities of the financier.
He who excuses himself accuses himself. (Qui s'excuse  s'accuse.)
The study of crime begins with the knowledge of oneself.
Fear succeeds crime - it is its punishment.
All punishment is mischief. All punishment in itself is evil.
Speaking generally  punishment hardens and numbs  it produces concentration  it sharpens the consciousness of alienation  it strengthens the power of resistance.
He only may chastise who loves.
If England treats her criminals the way she has treated me  she doesn't deserve to have any.
It is fairly obvious that those who are in favour of the death penalty have more affinity with assassins than those who are not.
Prisons don't rehabilitate  they don't punish  they don't protect  so what the hell do they do?
Capital punishment is as fundamentally wrong as a cure for crime as charity is wrong as a cure for poverty.
The reformative effect of punishment is a belief that dies hard  chiefly  I think  because it is so satisfying to our sadistic impulses.
Much as he is opposed to lawbreaking  he is not bigoted about it.
Crime  like virtue  has its degrees.
Society prepares the crime  the criminal commits it.
Many commit the same crimes with a very different result. One bears a cross for his crime  another a crown.
One crime is everything  two nothing.
Whoever profits by the crime is guilty of it.
It is not the thief who is hanged  but one who was caught stealing.
We enact many laws that manufacture criminals  and then a few that punish them.
Yet each man kills the thing he loves  By each let this be heard  Some do it with a bitter look  Some with a flattering word  The coward does it with a kiss  The brave man with a sword.
When written in Chinese  the word crisis is composed of two characters. One represents danger and the other represents opportunity.
Any idiot can face a crisis - it's this day-to-day living that wears you out.
Every new adjustment is a crisis in self-esteem.
Winston has written four volumes about himself and called it 'World Crisis'.
Poetry is the language of a state of crisis.
There cannot be a crisis next week. My schedule is already full.
There is no crisis to which academics will not respond with a seminar.
Faced with crisis  the man of character falls back on himself.
The crisis of today is the joke of tomorrow.
The crisis you have to worry about most is the one you don't see coming.
So when the crisis is upon you  remember that   like a trainer of wrestlers  has matched you with a tough and stalwart antagonist... that you may prove a victor at the Great Games.
Said the pot to die kettle  "Get away  blackface."
Critics are the men who have failed in literature and art.
As a bankrupt thief turns thief-taker in despair  so an unsuccessful author turns critic.
What a blessed thing it is that nature  when she invented  manufactured and patented her audiors  contrived to make critics out of the chips that were left!
Even the lion has to defend himself against flies.
I had rather be hissed for a good verse than applauded for a bad one.
Of all the cants which are canted in this canting world -  though the cant of hypocrites ihay be the worst - the cant of criticism is the most tormenting.
A guest sees more in an hour than the host in a year.
Asking a working writer what he thinks about critics is like asking a lamppost how it feels about dogs.
Book reviewers are little old ladies of both sexes.
Constant  indiscriminate approval devalues because it is so predictable.
Critics are biased  and so are readers. (Indeed  a critic is a bundle of biases held loosely together by a sense of taste.) But intelligent readers soon discover how to allow for the windage of their own and a critic's prejudices.
Don't judge any man until you have walked two moons in his moccasins.
Henry James chews more than he bites off.
I don't want to see the uncut version of anything.
It is easy - terribly easy - to shake a man's faith in himself. To take advantage of that  to break a man's spirit is devil's work.
The critic is an overgoer with pen-envy.
Two and two continue to make four  in spite of the whine of the amateur for three  or the cry of the critic for five.
Tomorrow night I appear for the first time before a Boston audience - 4000 critics.
He has a right to criticize  who has a heart to help.
More and more people think of the critic as an indispensable middle man between writer and reader  and would no more read a book alone  if they could help it  than have a baby alone.
It is not expected of critics that they should help us to make sense of our lives  they are bound only to attempt the lesser feat of making sense of the ways we try to make sense of our lives.
Analysis kills spontaneity. The grain once ground into flour springs and germinates no more.
His words leap across rivers and mountains  but his thoughts are still only six inches long.
When critics disagree  the artist is in accord with himself.
The factor in human life provocative of a noble discontent is the gradual emergence of a sense of criticism  founded upon appreciation of beauty  and of intellectual distinction  and of duty.
To many people dramatic criticism must seem like an attempt to tattoo soap bubbles.
The test of a good critic is whether he knows when and how to believe on insufficient evidence.
Reprove not a scorner  lest he hate thee  rebuke a wise man and he will love thee.
In judging others  folks will work overtime for no pay.
A critic is a man who knows the way but can't drive the car.
If you are willing to take the punishment  you're halfway through the battle. That the issues may be trivial  the battle ugly  is another point.
A critic is a legless man who teaches running.
Vilify! Vilify! Some of it will always stick.
Always bring money along with your complaints.
Nature fits all her children with something to do He who would write and can't write  can surely review.
Nature  when she invented  manufactured and patented her authors  contrived to make critics out of the chips that were left.
To escape criticism - do nothing  say nothing  be nothing.
Any fool can criticize  and many of them do.
Critics are like eunuchs in a harem: they know how it's done  they've seen it done every day  but they're unable to do it themselves.
I am sitting in the smallest room in my house. I have your review in front of me. Soon it will be behind me.
The good critic is he who narrates the adventures of his soul among masterpieces.
Of all the cants which are canted in this canting world  tho' the cant of hypocrites may be the worst  the cant of criticism is the most tormenting.
The critic is the duenna in the passionate affair between playwrights  actors and audiences - a figure dreaded  and occasionally comic  but never welcome  never loved.
A critic at best is a waiter at the great table of literature.
In Heaven an angel is nobody in particular.
The mob has many heads but no brains.
A myth is a fixed way of looking at the world which cannot be destroyed because  looked at through the myth  all evidence supports that myth.
Insanity in individuals is rare - but in groups  parties  nations  and epochs  it is the rule.
Every crowd has a silver lining.
When a hundred men stand together  each of them loses his mind and gets another one.
Wherever there is a crowd there is untruth.
The time when  most of all  you should withdraw into yourself is when you are forced to be in a crowd.
You cannot make a man by standing a sheep on its hind legs. But by standing a flock of sheep in that position you can make a crowd of men.
The average man's opinions are much less foolish than they would be if he thought for himself.
Man's inhumanity to man Makes countless thousands mourn!
It is not linen you're wearing out  But human creatures' lives.
All cruelty springs from weakness.
I must be cruel  only to be kind.
Culture  with us  ends in headache.
Reading makes a full man  conference a ready man  and writing an exact man.
Culture is what your butcher would have if he were a surgeon.
Curiosity killed the cat.
Ask me no questions  and I'll tell you no fibs.
Curiosity is one of the permanent and certain characteristics of a vigorous intellect.
Other times  other customs.
Ancient custom has the force of law.
Custom is the law of fools.
A cynic is not merely one who reads bitter lessons from the past  he is one who is prematurely disappointed in the future.
Cynicism is humour in ill health.
Cynicism such as one finds very frequently among the most highly educated young men and women of the West  results from the combination of comfort and powerlessness.
A cynic is a man who  when he smells flowers  looks around for a coffin.
Cynicism - the intellectual cripple's substitute for intelligence.
Cynicism is that blackguard defect of vision which compels us to see the world as it is  instead of as it should be.
Cynicism is intellectual dandyism  without the coxcomb's feathers.
There is nothing to which men  while they have food and drink  cannot reconcile themselves.
It's not that the Irish are cynical. It's rather that they have a wonderful lack of respect for everything and everybody.
Watch what people are cynical about  and one can often discover what they lack.
What is a cynic? A man who knows the price of everything and the value of nothing.
A cynic can chill and dishearten with a single word.
We can destroy ourselves by cynicism and disillusion just as effectively as by bombs.
Cynicism is an unpleasant way of saying the truth.
A cynic is a man who knows the price of everything  and the value of nothing.
The cynic is one who never sees a good quality in a man  and never fails to see a bad one. He is the human owl  vigilant in darkness and blind to light  mousing for vermin  and never seeing noble game. The cynic puts all human actions into two classes - openly bad and secretly bad.
On with the dance! Let joy be unconfin'd  No sleep till morn  when Youth and Pleasure meet.
No man in his senses will dance.
Come and trip it as ye go  On the light fantastic toe.
They who love dancing too much seem to have more brains in their feet than in their head.
We triumph without glory when we conquer without danger.
Danger for danger's sake is senseless.
The pitcher that goes too often to the well is broken at last.
A timid person is frightened before a danger  a coward during the time  and a courageous person afterwards.
Who dares nothing  need hope for nothing.
No one reaches a high position without daring.
When it is dark enough  you can see the stars.
A blind man in a dark room - looking for a black hat which isn't there.
Darkness is strong  and so is Sin  But surely  endures forever!
Fear is the dark room in which negatives are developed.
Even a small star shines in the darkness.
It is better to light a candle than to curse the darkness.
Flowers grow out of dark moments.
The dreadful dead of dark midnight.
When it is dark enough  you can see the stars.
A blind man in a dark room - looking for a black hat which isn't there.
Darkness is strong  and so is Sin  But surely  endures forever!
Fear is the dark room in which negatives are developed.
Even a small star shines in the darkness.
It is better to light a candle than to curse the darkness.
Flowers grow out of dark moments.
The dreadful dead of dark midnight.
When it is dark enough  you can see the stars.
A blind man in a dark room - looking for a black hat which isn't there.
Darkness is strong  and so is Sin  But surely  endures forever!
Fear is the dark room in which negatives are developed.
Even a small star shines in the darkness.
It is better to light a candle than to curse the darkness.
Flowers grow out of dark moments.
The dreadful dead of dark midnight.
When it is dark enough  you can see the stars.
A blind man in a dark room - looking for a black hat which isn't there.
Darkness is strong  and so is Sin  But surely  endures forever!
Fear is the dark room in which negatives are developed.
Even a small star shines in the darkness.
It is better to light a candle than to curse the darkness.
Flowers grow out of dark moments.
The dreadful dead of dark midnight.
When it is dark enough  you can see the stars.
A blind man in a dark room - looking for a black hat which isn't there.
Darkness is strong  and so is Sin  But surely  endures forever!
Fear is the dark room in which negatives are developed.
Even a small star shines in the darkness.
It is better to light a candle than to curse the darkness.
Flowers grow out of dark moments.
The dreadful dead of dark midnight.
When it is dark enough  you can see the stars.
A blind man in a dark room - looking for a black hat which isn't there.
Darkness is strong  and so is Sin  But surely  endures forever!
Fear is the dark room in which negatives are developed.
Even a small star shines in the darkness.
It is better to light a candle than to curse the darkness.
Flowers grow out of dark moments.
The dreadful dead of dark midnight.
When it is dark enough  you can see the stars.
A blind man in a dark room - looking for a black hat which isn't there.
Darkness is strong  and so is Sin  But surely  endures forever!
Fear is the dark room in which negatives are developed.
Even a small star shines in the darkness.
It is better to light a candle than to curse the darkness.
Flowers grow out of dark moments.
The dreadful dead of dark midnight.
When it is dark enough  you can see the stars.
A blind man in a dark room - looking for a black hat which isn't there.
Darkness is strong  and so is Sin  But surely  endures forever!
Fear is the dark room in which negatives are developed.
Even a small star shines in the darkness.
It is better to light a candle than to curse the darkness.
Flowers grow out of dark moments.
The dreadful dead of dark midnight.
It is always darkest just before .the day dawneth.
My son is my son till he have got him a wife  But my daughter's my daughter all the days of her life.
If thy daughter marry well  thou hast found a son  if not  thou hast lost a daughter.
Tis of the tears which stars weep  sweet with joy.
Every dew-drop and raindrop had a whole heaven within it.
Think that day lost whose (low) descending sun Views from thy hand no noble action done.
For mem'ry has painted this perfect day. With colors that never fade  And we find at the end of a perfect day  The soul of a friend we've made
What a day may bring a day may take away.
Monday for wealth  Tuesday for health  Wednesday the best day of all: Thursday for crosses  Friday for losses  Saturday no luck at all.
One glance of Thine creates a day.
Death twitches my ear. "Live " he says  "I am coming".
To die is a debt we must all of us discharge.
Here lies Jack Williams. He done his damndest.
As long as I have a want  I have a reason for living. Satisfaction is death.
For death begins with life's first breath And life begins at touch of death.
As men  we are all equal in the presence of death.
At last  caught his eye.
Death - the last voyage  the longest  the best.
Death is a delightful hiding-place for weary men.
Death is just a distant rumour to the young.
For three days after death  hair and fingernails continue to grow but phone calls taper off.
He mourns the dead who lives as they desire.
He that dies pays all debts.
Honest listening is one of the best medicines we can offer the dying and the bereaved.
I believe that the struggle against death  the unconditional and self-willed determination to live  is the mode of power behind the lives and activities of all outstanding men.
I care not  a man can die but once  we owe  a death.
I had a lover's quarrel with the world.
In Heaven  all the interesting people are missing.
In Spain  the dead are more alive than the dead of any other country in the world.
It is a far  far better thing that I do  than anything I have ever done  it is a far  far  better rest that I go to  than I have ever known.
Man comes and tills the field and lies beneath  And after many a summer dieth the swan.
It may be that we have all lived before and died  and this is Hell.
If there is another world  he lives in bliss. If there is none  he made the best of this.
Most persons have died before they expired - died to all earthly longings  so that the last breath is only  as it were  the locking of the door of the already deserted mansion.
One short sleep past will wake eternally And death shall be no more  Death thou shalt die.
Rather suffer than die is man's motto.
The art of living well and the art of dying well are one.
The only truly dead are those who have been forgotten.
The question is whether suicide is the way out  or the way in.
When you have told anyone you have left him a legacy  the only decent thing to do is to die at once.
I will be dead in a few months. But it hasn't given me the slightest anxiety or worry. I always knew I was going to die.
Do not go gentle into that good night Old age should burn and rave at close of day  Rage  rage against the dying of the light.
The stroke of death is as a lover's pinch  Which hurts and is desired.
Nothing in his life Became him like the leaving it.
Things have a terrible permanence when people die.
A solemn funeral is inconceivable to the Chinese mind.
At its most basic root  the death or disintegration of one's parents is a harsh reminder of one's own mortality.
I don't want to achieve immortality through my work. I want to achieve immortality through not dying.
Mausoleum  n: the final and funniest folly of the rich.
No  'tis not so deep as a well  nor so wide as a church door  but 'tis enough  'twill serve: ask for me tomorrow  and you shall find me a grave man. I am peppered  I warrant  for this world.
Epitaph  n: an inscription on a tomb showing that virtues acquired by death have a retroactive effect.
Human life consists in mutual service. No grief  pain  misfortune  or 'broken heart' is excuse for cutting off one's life while any power of service remains. But when all usefulness is over  when one is assured of an unavoidable and imminent death  it is the simplest of human rights to choose a quick and easy death in place of a slow and horrible one.
Poisons pain you  Rivers are damp  Acid stains you  And drugs cause cramp. Guns aren't lawful  Nooses give  Gas smells awful  You might as well live.
Dying is a wild night and a new road.
The reports of my death are greatly exaggerated.
And I looked  and behold  a pale horse: and his name that sat on him was Death.
There is no man so blessed that some who stand by his deathbed won't hail the occasion with delight.
There may be little or much beyond the grave  But the strong are saying nothing until they see.
All human things are subject to decay And when fate summons  monarchs must obey.
When Andrew Jackson died someone asked a friend if he thought Old Hickory would go to heaven. 'He will if he wants to ' was the reply. On his death bed Disraeli declined a visit from Queen Victoria. 'No  it is better not'  he said  'she would only ask me to take a message to Albert.' I am a broken machine. I am ready to go.
Let the tent be struck.
You can lose a man like that by your own death  but not by his.
Because I could not stop for Death He kindly stopped for me - The carriage held but just ourselves And Immortality.
When a man dies  he does not just die of the disease he has: he dies of his whole life.
The long habit of living indisposeth us for dying.
Most people would die sooner than think  in fact  they do.
One should be ever booted and spurred and ready to depart.
Who never caused others to die Seldom rates a statue.
Nothing you can lose by dying is half so precious as the readiness to die  which is man's charter of nobility.
After sixty years the stern sentence of the burial service seems to have a meaning that one did not notice in former years. There begins to be something personal about it.
Death be not proud  though some have called Thee Mighty and dreadful  for thou art not so.
Toward the person who has died we adopt a special attitude: something like admiration for someone who has accomplished a very difficult task.
You have to learn to do everything  even to die.
I'm not afraid to die. I just don't want to be there when it happens.
Oh death  you can wait  keep your distance.
Body and mind  like man and wife  do not always agree to die together.
The undiscovered country from whose bourn no traveller returns.
A thousand goodbyes come after death - the first six months of bereavement.
You don't die in the United States  you underachieve.
Life is a great surprise. I do not see why death should not be an even greater one.
If life must not be taken too seriously - then so neither must death.
Death is terrible to Cicero  desirable to Cato  and indifferent to Socrates.
In nature  there is less death and destruction than death and transmutation.
A man's dying is more the survivors' affair than his own.
I hate funerals  and would not attend my Own if it could be avoided  but it is well for every man to stop once in a while to think of what sort of a collection of mourners he is training for his final event.
If this is dying  I don't think much of it.
Men use one another to assure their personal victory over death.
Any man's death diminishes me  because I am involved in mankind  and therefore never send to know for whom the bell tolls  it tolls for thee.
A belief in hell and the knowledge that every ambition is doomed to frustration at the hands of a skeleton have never prevented the majority of human beings from behaving as though death were no more than an unfounded rumour  and survival a thing not beyond the bounds of possibility.
I cannot forgive my friends for dying: I do not find these vanishing acts of theirs at all amusing.
Make sure to send a lazy man for the Angel of Death.
It cost me never a stab nor squirm To tread by chance upon a worm. 'Aha  my little dear' I say  'Your clan will pay me back one day.'
Around  around the sun we go: The moon goes round the earth. We do not die of death: We die of vertigo.
There is no such thing as death  In nature  nothing dies: From each sad moment of decay Some forms of life arise.
I am going to seek a great Perhaps.
Call no man happy till he is dead.
Though this may be play to you  Tis death to us.
Earth to earth  ashes to ashes  dust to dust  in sure and certain hope of the resurrection.
In the midst of life we are in death.
Man that is born of a woman hath but a short time to live  and is full of misery. He cometh up  and is cut down  like a flower  he fleeth as it were a shadow  and never continueth in one stay.
Death  so called  is a thing which makes men weep  And yet a third of life is pass'd in sleep.
Why fear death? It is the most beautiful adventure in life.
Now I am about to take my last voyage  a great leap in the dark.
Is death the last sleep? No  it is the last final awakening.
The Lord gave  and the Lord hath taken away  blessed be the name of the Lord.
We begin to die as soon as we are born  and the end is linked to the beginning.
There is no death! the stars go down To rise upon some other shore  And bright in Heaven's jeweled crown  They shine for ever more.
Strange - is it not? - that of the myriads who Before us passed the door of Darkness through  Not one returns to tell us of the road Which to discover we must travel too.
I am dying  Egypt  dying.
Yet a little sleep  a little slumber  a little folding of the hands to sleep.
I have a rendezvous with Death At some disputed barricade.
Till tired  he sleeps  and life's poor play is o'er.
To die: - to sleep: No more  and  by a sleep to say we end The heart-ache and the thousand natural shocks That flesh is heir to  'tis a consummation Devoutly to be wished.
Nothing in his life Became him like the leaving it.
Death lies on her  like an untimely frost Upon the sweetest flower of all the field.
First our pleasures die - and then Our hopes  and then our fears - and when These are dead  the debt is due  Dust claims dust - and we die too.
's finger touched him  and he slept.
Sunset and evening star  And one clear call for me! And may there be no moaning of the bar When I put out to sea.
Nothing can happen more beautiful than death.
For he who lives more lives than one More deaths than one must die.
A church debt is the devil's salary.
Wilt thou seal up the avenues of ill? Pay every debt as if  wrote the bill!
If you want the time to pass quickly  just give your note for 90 days.
Owe no man anything.
He that dies pays all debts.
A national debt  if it is not excessive  will be to us a national blessing.
Debt is the worst poverty.
Hood an ass with reverend purple. So you can hide his two ambitious ears  and he shall pass for a cathedral doctor.
Proportion is almost impossible to human beings. There is no one who does not exaggerate.
Everything that deceives may be said to enchant.
We are never deceived  we deceive ourselves.
All charming people have something to conceal  usually their total dependence on the appreciation of others.
You k'n hide de fier  but what you guine do wid de smoke?
Deep versed in books and shallow in himself.
Half the work that is done in the world is to make things appear what they are not.
What we need is a rebirth of satire  of dissent  of irreverence  of an uncompromising insistence that phoniness is phony and platitudes are platitudinous.
If the world will be gulled  let it be gulled.
I give you bitter pills in sugar coating. The pills are harmless: the poison is in the sugar.
I have known a vast quantity of nonsense talked about bad men not looking you in the face. Don't trust that conventional idea. Dishonesty will stare honesty out of countenance  any day in the week  if there is anything to be got by it.
One should seek for the salutary in the unpleasant: if it is there  it is after all nectar. One should seek for the deceitful in the pleasant: if it is there it is after all poison.
Deceive not thy physician  confessor  nor lawyer.
Frank and explicit - this is the right line to take when you wish to conceal your own mind and to confuse the mind of others.
A delusion  a mockery  and a snare.
We are never deceived  we deceive ourselves.
Which I wish to remark  -  And my language is plain  -  That for ways that are dark And for tricks that are vain  The heathen Chinese is peculiar.
Hateful to me as are the gates of hell  Is he who  hiding one thing in his heart  Utters another.
You can fool some of the people all of the time  and all of the people some of the time  but you cannot fool all of the people all the time.
It is double pleasure to deceive the deceiver.
"Will you walk into my parlour?" Said the spider to a fly: '"Tis the prettiest little parlour That ever you did spy."
One is easily fooled by that which one loves.
Men and women everywhere must exercise deliberate selection to live wisely.
Decision and determination are the engineer and fireman of our train to opportunity and success.
The last of the human freedoms: to choose one's attitude in any given set of circumstances  to choose one's own way.
Choice of attention ... is to the inner life what choice of action is to the outer. In both cases  a man is responsible for his choice and must accept the consequences  whatever they may be.
You are the one who must choose your place.
Man does not simply exist  but always decides what his existence will be  what he will become in the next moment.
Full maturity ... is achieved by realizing that you have choices to make.
Wherever you see a successful business  someone once made a courageous decision.
Life is just a series of trying to make up your mind.
Life is just an endless chain of judgements. . . . The more imperfect our judgement  the less perfect our success.
To know just what has do be done  then to do it  comprises the whole philosophy of practical life.
Life is like a game of cards. The hand that is dealt you represents determinism  the way you play it is free will.
Somehow we learn who we really are and then live with that decision.
Living is a constant process of deciding what we are going to do.
Life is the sum of all your choices.
Life is the art of drawing sufficient conclusions from insufficient premises.
The difficulty of life is in the choice.
The strongest principle of growth lies in human choice.
As a man thinketh  so is he  and as a man chooseth  so is he.
Decisions determine destiny.
Choices are the hinges of destiny.
Many of life's circumstances are created by three basic choices: the disciplines you choose to keep  the people you chose to be with  and the laws you choose to obey.
You don't get to choose how you're going to die. Or when. You can only decide how you're going to live. Now.
Look for your choices  pick the best one  then go with it.
Too many cooks spoil the broth.
 sends meat  and the Devil sends cooks.
The more corrupt the state  the more laws.
Just for a handful of silver he left us  Just for a ribbon to stick in his coat.
If the chief party  whether it be the people  or the army  or the nobility  which you think most useful and of most consequence to you for the conservation of your dignity  be corrupt  you must follow their humor and indulge them  and in that case honesty and virtue are pernicious.
I consider it the best part of an education to have been born and brought up in the country 
The town is man's world  but this (country life) is of .
In Chinese  the word for crisis is weiji  composed of the character wei  which means danger  and ji  which means opportunity.
My advice to you  if you should ever be in a hold up  is to line up with the cowards and save your bravery for an occasion when it may be of some benefit to you.
It is easy enough to praise men for the courage of their convictions. I wish I could teach the sad young of this mealy generation the courage of their confusions.
It takes a kind of shabby arrogance to survive in our time  and a fairly romantic nature to want to.
Growth demands a temporary surrender of security.
Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage.
No one provokes me with impunity (nemo me impune lacessit)
Neither have they hearts to stay  Nor wit enough to run away.
Respectability: the offspring of a liaison between a bald head and a bank account.
Until the day of his death  no man can be sure of his courage.
There is no such thing as bravery  only degrees of fear.
"Why not" is a slogan for an interesting life.
You don't learn to hold your own in the world by standing on guard  but by attacking  and getting well hammered yourself.
Here I stand. I can do no other.  help me. Amen.
Many become brave when brought to bay.
O   give us serenity to accept what cannot be changed  courage to change what should be changed  and wisdom to distinguish the one from the other.
The first virtue in a soldier is endurance of fatigue  courage is only the second virtue.
Courage is fear holding on a minute longer.
We could be cowards  if we had courage enough.
Showing up is eighty percent of life.
A high station in life is earned by the gallantry with which appalling experiences are survived with grace.
A decline in courage may be the most striking feature which an outside observer notices in the West in our days. The Western world has lost its civic courage  both as a whole and separately  in each country  in each government  in each political party  and  of course  in the United Nations. Such a decline in courage is particularly noticeable among the ruling groups and the intellectual elite  causing an impression that the loss of courage extends to the entire society.
Courage is doing what you're afraid to do. There can be no courage unless you're scared.
One man with courage makes a majority.
If one is forever cautious  can one remain a human being?
Never let your head hang down. Never give up and sit down and grieve. Find another way. And don't pray when it rains if you don't pray when the sun shines.
The Ancient Mariner said to Neptune during a great storm  'O   you will save me if you wish  but I am going to go on holding my tiller straight.'
Fight on  my merry men all  I'm a little wounded  but I am not slain  I will lay me down for to bleed a while  Then I'll rise and fight with you again.
The paradox of courage is that a man must be a little careless of his life even in order to keep it.
The last thing a woman will consent to discover in a man whom she loves  or on whom she simply depends  is want of courage.
Please understand there is no depression in this house and we are not interested in the possibilities of defeat. They do not exist.
Now the trumpet summons us again - not as a call to bear arms  though arms we need  not as a call to battle  though embattled we are  but a call to bear the burden of a long twilight struggle  year in and year out  'rejoicing in hope  patient in tribulation'  a struggle against the common enemies of man: tyranny  poverty  disease and war itself.
To be brave one short instant is no easy matter  it is easier to die for a cause than to live for it.
The courage we desire and prize is not the courage to die decently  but to live manfully.
Have the courage to act instead of react.
Courage! I have shown it for years  think you I shall lose it at the moment when my sufferings are to end?
Necessity does the work of courage.
Courage is a quality so necessary for maintaining virtue that it is always respected  even when it is associated with vice.
The courage of life is often a less dramatic spectacle than the courage of a final moment  but it is no less a magnificent mixture of triumph and tragedy. A man does what he must - in spite of personal consequences  in spite of obstacles and dangers and pressures - and that is the basis of all morality.
He was a bold man that first ate an oyster.
Unless one says goodbye to what one loves  and unless one travels to completely new territories  one can expect merely a long wearing away of oneself.
A decent boldness ever meets with friends.
Courage is resistance to fear  mastery of fear  not absence of fear.
One doesn't discover new lands without consenting to lose sight of the shore for a very long time.
The fly ought to be used as the symbol of impertinence and audacity  for whilst all other animals shun man more than anything else  and run away even before he comes near them  the fly lights upon his very nose.
Valour lies just halfway between rashness and cowardice.
Never undertake anything for which you wouldn't have the courage to ask the blessings of heaven.
As to moral courage  I have very rarely met with the two o'clock in the morning kind. I mean unprepared courage  that which is necessary on an unexpected occasion  and which  in spite of the most unforeseen events  leaves full freedom of judgement and decision.
The guts carry the feet  not the feet the guts.
Clothes and courage have much to do with each other.
A great part of courage is the courage of having done the thing before.
Courage - fear that has said its prayers.
Courage is rightly esteemed the first of human qualities because it is the quality which guarantees all others.
Constant exposure to dangers will breed contempt for them.
(Courage) a perfect sensibility of the measure of danger  and a mental willingness to endure it.
Not simply one of the virtues but the form of every virtue at the testing point  which means at the point of highest reality.
At the bottom of a good deal of the bravery that appears in the world there lurks a miserable cowardice. Men will face powder and steel because they cannot face public opinion.
Whether it be to failure or success  the first need of being is endurance -to endure with gladness if we can  with fortitude in any event.
I'm not funny. What I am is brave.
Courage is the first of the human qualities because it is the quality which guarantees all the others.
Courage to be is the key to revelatory power of the feminist revolution.
Without courage  all other virtues lose their meaning.
Success is never found. Failure is never fatal. Courage is the only thing.
Courage is the most important of all virtues  because without it we can't practice any other virtue with consistency.
Courage is not simply one of the virtues  but the form of every virtue at the testing point.
Courage is the ladder on which all other virtues mount.
Courage is the basic virtue for everyone so long as he continues to grow  to move ahead.
Courage is the greatest of all the virtues. Because if you haven't courage  you may not have an opportunity to use any of the others.
The courage of life is often a less dramatic spectacle than the courage of a final moment  but it is no less a magnificent mixture of triumph and tragedy. A man does what he must- in spite of personal consequences  in spite of obstacles and dangers and pressures-and that is the basis of all morality.
Nothing but courage can guide life.
Wealth lost-something lost  Honor lost-much lost  Courage lost-all lost.
Why not go out on a limb? Isn't that where the fruit is?
In politics  guts is all.
In difficult situations  when hope seems feeble  the boldest plans are safest.
Courage is the best slayer-courage which attacketh  for in every attack there is the sound of triumph.
He who finds Fortune on his side should go briskly ahead  for she is wont to favor the bold.
That's what being young is all about. You have the courage and the daring to think that you can make a difference.
It is better by noble boldness to run the risk of being subject to half of the evils we anticipate than to remain in cowardly listlessness for fear of what might happen.
A decent boldness ever meets with friends.
In times of stress  be bold and valiant.
The brave venture anything.
It is the bold man who every time does best  at home or abroad.
Attacking is the only secret. Dare and the world always yields  or if it beats you sometimes  dare it again  and it will succumb.
You don't learn to hold your own in the world by standing on guard  but by attacking  and getting well-hammered yourself.
Fortune helps the brave.
Audacity augments courage  hesitation  fear.
Fortune reveres the brave  and overwhelms the cowardly.
 helps the brave.
Fortune befriends the bold.
Fortune and love favor the brave.
Fortune favors the audacious.
Audacity has made kings.
Audacity  more audacity  always audacity.
With audacity one can undertake anything.
Bravery and faith bring both material and spiritual rewards.
He who loses wealth loses much  he who loses a friend loses more  but he who loses his courage loses all.
True miracles are created by men when they use the courage and intelligence that  gave them.
Tender-handed stroke a nettle  and it stings you for your pains  Grasp it like a man of mettle  and it soft as silk remains.
Be content to stand in the light  and let the shadow fall where it will.
Never forget that life can only be nobly inspired and rightly lived if you take it bravely and gallantly  as a splendid adventure in which you are setting out into an unknown country  to meet many a joy  to find many a comrade  to win and lose many a battle.
Life is the acceptance of responsibilities  or their evasion  it is a business of meeting obligations  or avoiding them.
The superior man makes the difficulty to be overcome his first interest  success comes only later.
There were always in me  two women at least  one woman desperate and bewildered  who felt she was drowning and another who would leap into a scene  as upon a stage  conceal her true emotions because they were weaknesses  helplessness  despair  and present to the world only a smile  an eagerness  curiosity  enthusiasm  interest.
Facing it-always facing it-that's the way to get through. Face it!
If one is willing to do a thing he is afraid to do  he does not have to ... face a situation fearlessly  and [if] there is no situation to face  it falls away of its own weight.
He shall fare well who confronts circumstances aright.
He that handles a nettle tenderly is soonest stung.
He who is afraid of every nettle should not piss in the grass.
Let us be brave in the face of adversity.
Only one feat is possible: not to have run away.
There is something healthy and invigorating about direct action.
Confidence ... is directness and courage in meeting the facts of life.
The man who most vividly realizes a difficulty is the man most likely to overcome it.
I believe half the unhappiness in life comes from people being afraid to go straight at things.
No man will succeed unless he is ready to face and overcome difficulties  and is prepared to assume responsibilities.
The fly that doesn't want to be swatted is most secure when it lights on the fly-swatter.
The fly ought to be used as the symbol of impertinence and audacity  for whilst all other animals shun man more than anything else  and run away even before he comes near them  the fly lights upon his very nose.
All problems become smaller if you don't dodge them  but confront them.
The best way out of a problem is through it.
We cannot solve life's problems except by solving them.
The truth will set you free  but first it will make you miserable.
Have the courage to face a difficulty lest it kick you harder than you bargain for.
A great man is one who seizes the vital issue in a complex question  what we might call the jugular vein of the whole organism  and spends his energies upon that.
It is often wonderful how putting down on paper a clear statement of a case helps one to see  not perhaps the way out  but the way in.
As a rule  what is out of sight disturbs men's minds more seriously than what they see.
Every difficulty slurred over will be a ghost to disturb your repose later on.
Life is a battle in which we fall from wounds we receive in running away.
Fools  through false shame  conceal their open wounds.
Let us not look back in anger  nor forward in fear  but around us in awareness.
It takes courage to know when you ought to be afraid.
However mean your life is  meet it and live it  do not shun it and call it hard names. It is not so bad as you are.
Genius is an infinite capacity for taking life by the scruff of the neck.
If you suppress grief too much  it can well redouble.
Bad weather always looks worse through a window.
The frontiers are not east or west  north or south  but wherever a man fronts a fact.
Should I  after tea and cakes and ices  have the strength to force the moment to its crisis?
Whatever you are trying to avoid won't go away until you confront it.
None are so blind as those who will not see.
You don't change the course of history by turning the faces of portraits to the wall.
Soldiers  strike the foe in the face!
Get in front of the ball  you won't get hurt. That's what you've got a chest for  young man.
Knowledge of sin is the beginning of salvation.
Courage is a quietness  not martial music made Born of facing up to life  even when afraid.
The great virtue in life is real courage that knows how to face facts and live beyond them.
Risk! Risk anything! ... Do the hardest thing on earth for you. Act for yourself. Face the truth.
The first rule is to keep an untroubled spirit. The second is to look things in the face and know them for what they are.
It is courage  courage  courage  that raises the blood of life to crimson splendor. Live bravely and present a brave front to adversity!
It is easy to be brave from a safe distance.
Defending the truth is not something one does out of a sense of duty or to allay guilt complexes  but is a reward in itself.
No blame should attach to telling the truth.
The elegance of honesty needs no adornment.
Truth is always exciting. Speak it  then  life is dull without it.
You cannot weave truth on a loom of lies.
You're only as sick as your secrets.
You can't expect to win unless you know why you lose.
It takes great courage to break with one's past history and stand alone.
We run away all the time to avoid coming face to face with ourselves.
Awakening begins when a man realizes that he is going nowhere  and does not know where to go.
The naked truth is always better than the best-dressed lie.
If the word frankly or sincerely is not uttered in the first ten minutes-or let us speak openly-then you are not in the presence of a genuine businessman  and he will certainly go bankrupt.
The man with insight enough to admit his limitations comes nearest to perfection.
If I ever said in grief or pride  I tired of honest things  I lied.
Truth  that fair goddess who comes always with healing in her wings.
The confession of evil works is the first beginning of good works.
Admitting errors clears the score and proves you wiser than before.
There is in the end no remedy but truth. It is the one course that cannot be evil.
There is no power on earth more formidable than the truth.
If one cannot invent a really convincing lie  it is often better to stick to the truth.
An excuse is a lie guarded.
Honesty is the first chapter of the book of wisdom.
Truth is the vital breath of Beauty  Beauty the outward form of Truth.
The trouble with lying and deceiving is that their efficiency depends entirely upon a clear notion of the truth that the liar and deceiver wishes to hide.
There is at least one thing more brutal than the truth  and that is the consequence of saying less than the truth.
The real gift of love is self disclosure.
We only really face up to ourselves when we are afraid.
It takes a lot of courage to show your dreams to someone else.
It takes more courage to reveal insecurities than to hide them  more strength to relate to people than to dominate them  more "manhood" to abide by thought-out principles rather than blind reflex. Toughness is in the soul and spirit  not in muscles and an immature mind.
I have often though morality may perhaps consist solely in the courage of making a choice.
Introversion  at least if extreme  is a sign of mental and spiritual immaturity.
The highest courage is to dare to appear to be what one is.
It isn't for the moment you are stuck that you need courage  but for the long uphill climb back to sanity and faith and security.
True courage is not the brutal force of vulgar heroes  but the firm resolve of virtue and reason.
Greatness  in the last analysis  is largely bravery-courage in escaping from old ideas and old standards.
The highest courage is not to be found in the instinctive acts of men who risk their lives to save a friend or slay a foe  the physical fearlessness of a moment or an hour is not to be compared with immolation of months or years for the sake of wisdom or art.
I have met brave women who are exploring the outer edge of human possibility  with no history to guide them  and with a courage to make themselves vulnerable that I find moving beyond words.
Valour is nobleness of the mind.
Courage ... is nothing less than the power to overcome danger  misfortune  fear  injustice  while continuing to affirm inwardly that life  with all its sorrows  is good  that everything is meaningful  even if in a sense beyond our understanding  and that there is always tomorrow.
This is the art of courage: to see things as they are and still believe that the victory lies not with those who avoid the bad  but those who taste  in living awareness  every drop of the good.
 grant me the courage not to give up what I think is right  even though I think it is hopeless.
The great virtue in life is real courage that knows how to face facts and live beyond them.
Physical courage  which despises all danger  will make a man brave in one way  and moral courage  which despises all opinion  will make a man brave in another. The former would seem most necessary for the camp  the latter for the council  but to constitute a great man  both are necessary.
Courage is the power to let go of the familiar.
Valor is stability  not of legs and arms  but of courage and the soul.
One of man's finest qualities is described by the simple word "guts"-the ability to take it. If you have the discipline to stand fast when your body wants to run  if you can control your temper and remain cheerful in the face of monotony or disappointment  you have "guts" in the soldiering sense.
Whatever course you decide upon  there is always someone to tell you that you are wrong. There are always difficulties arising which tempt you to believe that your critics are right. To map out a course of action and follow it to an end requires ... courage.
Courage is more than standing for a firm conviction. It includes the risk of questioning that conviction.
The hallmark of courage in our age of conformity is the capacity to stand on one's convictions-not obstinately or defiantly (these are gestures of defensiveness  not courage) nor as a gesture of retaliation  but simply because these are what one believes.
Courage is what it takes to stand up and speak  courage is also what it takes to sit down and listen.
The greatest test of courage on earth is to bear defeat without losing heart.
Courage is to take hard knocks like a man when occasion calls.
You don't develop courage by being happy in your relationships everyday. You develop it by surviving difficult times and challenging adversity.
This is courage ... to bear unflinchingly what heaven sends.
Courage  in the final analysis  is nothing but an affirmative answer to the shocks of existence.
Courage is a perfect sensibility of the measure of danger  and a mental willingness to endure it.
To have courage for whatever comes in life-everything lies in that.
To accept whatever comes  regardless of the consequences  is to be unafraid.
The test of courage comes when we are in the minority.
One man with courage makes a majority.
Many women miss their greatest chance of happiness through a want of courage in a decisive moment.
We must have the courage to be happy.
There is a courage of happiness as well as a courage of sorrow.
Happy the man who ventures boldly to defend what he holds dear.
All happiness depends on courage and work.
There is nothing in the world so much admired as a man who knows how to bear unhappiness with courage.
We must have courage to bet on our ideas  on the calculated risk  and to act. Everyday living requires courage if life is to be effective and bring happiness.
Faint heart never won fair lady.
The last thing a woman will consent to discover in a man whom she loves  or on whom she simply depends  is want of courage.
None but the brave deserve the fair.
Fortune and love favor the brave.
The bravest are the tenderest. The loving are the daring.
The weapon of the brave is in his heart.
The guts carry the feet  not the feet the guts.
I am not afraid of a fight  I have to do my duty  come what may.
War is fear cloaked in courage.
A bold heart is half the battle.
Courage in danger is half the battle.
A man of courage never wants weapons.
A brave arm makes a short sword long.
Courage which goes against military expediency is stupidity  or  if it is insisted upon by a commander  irresponsibility.
There is  in addition to a courage with which men die  a courage by which men must live.
Where life is more terrible than death  it is the truest valor to dare to live.
The courage we desire and prize is not the courage to die decently  but to live manfully.
Often the test of courage is not to die  but to live.
He who has the courage to laugh is almost as much the master of the world as he who is ready to die.
Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage.
Only those are fit to live who are not afraid to die.
Sometimes even to live is an act of courage.
To say yes  you have to sweat and roll up your sleeves and plunge both hands into life up to the elbows. It is easy to say no  even if saying no means death.
Have the courage to live. Anyone can die.
Because a fellow has failed once or twice or a dozen times  you don't want to set him down as a failure till he's dead or loses his courage-and that's the same thing.
What is more mortifying than to feel that you have missed the plum for want of courage to shake the tree?
Yesterday I dared to struggle. Today I dare to win.
To persevere  trusting in what hopes he has  is courage. The coward despairs.
It takes vision and courage to create- it takes faith and courage to prove.
Whatever you do  you need courage. ... To map out a course of action and follow it to an end requires some of the same courage which a soldier needs.
Who dares nothing  need hope for nothing.
Have the courage of your desire.
To see what is right  and not do it  is want of courage.
No great thing conies to any man unless he has courage.
Great things are done more through courage than through wisdom.
Courage permits the caliber of performance to continue at its peak  until the finish line is crossed.
Failure is only postponed success as long as courage "coaches" ambition. The habit of persistence is the habit of victory.
Courage and perseverance have a magical talisman  before which difficulties disappear  and obstacles vanish into air.
There are a lot of fellas with all the ability it takes to play in the major leagues  but... they always get stuck in the minor leagues because they haven't got the guts to make the climb.
Where there is a brave man  in the thickest of the fight  there is the post of honor.
It takes as much courage to have tried and failed as it does to have tried and succeeded.
You will never do anything in this world without courage.
Whenever you see a successful business  someone once made a courageous decision.
Courage to start and willingness to keep everlasting at it are the requisites for success.
One of the biggest factors in success is the courage to undertake something.
Everyone has a talent. What is rare is the courage to follow that talent to the dark place where it leads.
The world is not perishing for the want of clever or talented or well-meaning men. It is perishing for the want of men of courage and resolution.
Talent is helpful in writing  but guts are absolutely necessary.
Knowledge without courage is sterile.
To create one's own world in any of the arts takes courage.
Courage is the thing. All goes if courage goes.
It's weak and despicable to go on wanting things and not trying to get them.
How many feasible projects have miscarried through despondency  and been strangled in their birth by a cowardly imagination?
It is brave to be involved.
One of the biggest factors in success is the courage to undertake something.
When it comes to betting on yourself ... you're a chicken-livered coward if you hesitate.
What would life be if we had no courage to attempt anything?
Be courageous! ... I have seen many depressions in business. Always America has come out stronger and more prosperous. Be as brave as your fathers before you. Have faith! Go forward.
Dare to begin! He who postpones living rightly is like the rustic who waits for the river to run out before he crosses.
Nothing ventured  nothing gained.
The brave venture anything.
The difference between getting somewhere and nowhere is the courage to make an early start.
Life is to be entered upon with courage.
We ought to face our destiny with courage.
You can surmount the obstacles in your path if you are determined  courageous and hardworking. ... Do not fear to pioneer  to venture down new paths of endeavor.
The great man is the man who does a thing for the first time.
Imposing limitations on yourself is cowardly because it protects you from having to try  and perhaps failing.
What you can do  or dream you can do  begin it  boldness has genius  power and magic in it.
We need the courage to start and continue what we should do  and courage to stop what we shouldn't do.
Prudence which degenerates into timidity is very seldom the path to safety.
He that is overcautious will accomplish little.
We can easily become as much slaves to precaution as we can to fear.
To the timid and hesitating everything is impossible because it seems so.
Do not be too timid and squeamish. ... All life is an experiment. The more experiments you make  the better.
Courage is rarely reckless or foolish ... courage usually involves a highly realistic estimate of the odds that must be faced.
Valour lies just halfway between rashness and cowardice.
When you're my size in the pros  fear is a sign that you're not stupid.
Keep your fears to yourself  but share your courage with others.
Courage leads starward  fear toward death.
Go forth to meet the shadowy Future without fear and with a manly heart.
Fate loves the fearless.
There is no such thing as bravery  only degrees of fear.
Courage is a peculiar kind of fear.
Courage is fear that has said its prayers.
Courage is fear holding on a minute longer.
Courage is the ability to solve problems realistically in the presence of fear.
Courage is resistance to fear  mastery of fear-not absence of fear.
Courage is ... the knowledge of how to fear what ought to be feared and how not to fear what ought not to be feared.
Courage is knowing what not to fear.
Courage is the right disposition toward fear.
Courage is a scorner of things which inspire fear.
We must constantly build dykes of courage to hold back the flood of fear.
Courage is never letting your actions be influenced by your fears.